{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11220\viewh8100\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 [\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Given the products I bought and my comments below, recommend to me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation.",\
        "input": "I am CRossi.\\nI bought the following products: RSVP International Round and Square Decorative Gift Label 48 Piece, SCI Scandicrafts Vegetable Crinkle Cutter and French Fry Slicer, Factory Effex 15, Cosmos Black Neoprene Sleeve Case Bag Cover for, MoKo Samsung Galaxy Note PRO ; Tab 12.2.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Kitchen Utensils & Gadgets, Mandolines & Slicers, Women, Sleeves, Cases.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Includes two of each design in round and square Great for any occasion including birthdays anniversaries and holidays Makes eye-catching hang tags, Stainless steel with wooden handle Add crinkle cut design to potatoes and vegetables Hand wash, Size is  Large, Size is  11inch, Color is  Carbon Fiber Black.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: Such a great sleeve for my new Macbook Air. It's thin and provides plenty of protection. Love it and I'm very happy with this purchase.\\n...Follow up to this review...I took my Macbook Air to Europe with me and this case was a life saver on more than one occasion. It was stored safely in my backpack as we traveled from The Amalfi Coast>Naples>Rome>Venice>Paris.",\
        "output": "I recommend you consider buying the 'Leather Passport Holder' by Travelambo. This product falls under the 'Travel Accessories' category and has the following features: High-quality leather material, Compact size to hold your passport securely, Multiple slots for cards and boarding passes, Stylish design for a sophisticated look \\n Reason for recommendation: Since you mentioned traveling to Europe and the importance of protecting your belongings, the Leather Passport Holder would be a great addition to your travel essentials. It will keep your passport safe and organized, allowing you to have easy access during your trips. Its compact size and additional card slots make it a practical and stylish choice for your future travels."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Given the products I bought and my comments below, recommend to me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation.",\
        "input": "I am PattyLouise \\"Patty\\".\\nI bought the following products: Happy Sales HSKS5/B, Happy Sales 5 Piece Crane Chopstick Set with Res, Logitech Turnaround Case with Rotating Frame and, Case Logic LARI114 14; RollTop Backpack, Case Logic LARI115 15\\" Ruck Sack Backpack.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Chopsticks & Chopstick Holders, Chopsticks & Chopstick Holders, Cases, Input Devices, Casual Daypacks.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Lacquer chopstick with travel case Chopsticks measure 9L and the box is 9 1/2 L Made in Japan, 5 wooden chopsticks 9L Made from Natural material Made in China Happy Sales 5 Piece Crane Chopstick Set with Rests MC Assorted, Style is  iPad Air 2, Color is  Petrol Green, Color is  Hudson.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I really like this backpack!  I love that I can pop my iPad and Kindle in it and it's nicely protected. The back pack I received is a khaki color but I actually like the khaki color much better than the blue one. I like the straps, too!  Another reviewer mentioned the closures and I will watch them, too, in case they break too quickly.  It does sort of sit high on my back but most of the time I will just toss this in the car and carry it by the straps...or rather one strap.  I think you can spot clean this but I always spray Scotchguard on things like this.  I think this will be a fun bag to carry for short trips or even longer trips as a second bag...I can easily stuff a sweater or scarf inside...perhaps even some extra clothes.  I really like this bag!",\
        "output": "Based on your previous purchases and your positive comment about the backpack, I recommend considering the following product for your next purchase BAGSMART Electronic Organizer Travel Universal Cable Organizer. \\n Because you enjoyed the functionality and protection provided by the backpack, the BAGSMART Electronic Organizer would complement your travel needs perfectly. It allows you to neatly organize and protect your electronic accessories, such as chargers, cables, power banks, and adapters. The multiple pockets and compartments ensure that your items stay organized and easily accessible, making it convenient for both short trips and longer journeys. With its durable design and practical features, this electronic organizer will help you keep your gadgets and accessories secure and well-organized during your travels."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend to me what I should buy next and explain why.",\
        "input": "I am Fredddd.\\nI bought the following products: Foot Traffic The Ultimate Footie, Trudeau 4, Quaker Tray Table Honey Oak 21; X 15;, Unknown Linksys Powerline AV 1, Sylvania 9.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: Got this lovely pink dvd player for my granddaughter for Christmas.  A nice pink case to go with it.  The Disney Frozen movie, and several other movies.\\nOn Christmas day she opened it, a little while later wanted to play a movie.\\nNothing.\\nTried other dvd's, nothing.  Yes it was on, sometimes it would spin, but not recognize a dvd was in it.  I sent it back for refund.\\nThis company can not make up for the disappointment my grandchild, I and her parents went throught on Christmas day.\\nI bought another no name pink one from a shopping channel, we'll see how it does.  Probably won't fit the case, but If it works, I'll find another case.\\nThis Sylvania had negative reviews............I should have listened!  P.S. the lid that opens to put the dvd in, is flimsy and cheap.SO DISAPPOINTED.",\
        "output": "I recommend you to buy the Roku Streaming Stick from the category Media Streaming Devices.\\nThe reason is that since you had a disappointing experience with the Sylvania portable DVD player, I suggest trying a different form of entertainment. The Roku Streaming Stick+ offers a convenient way to stream your favorite movies, TV shows, and more. It provides access to a wide range of streaming services, such as Netflix, Hulu, and Disney, so you can easily find and enjoy your preferred content. The Roku Streaming Stick+ also supports high-definition (HD) and 4K Ultra HD streaming, ensuring a crisp and immersive viewing experience. Give it a try and elevate your entertainment options without the hassle of dealing with DVDs or unreliable players."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Suggest to me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation.",\
        "input": "I bought the following products: Rubbermaid L3, StarTech StarTech.com 10 ft Certified DisplayPort 1.2 Cab, Honeywell Oliver 16\\" PVC Puncture, Belkin 6, ZIPIT Grillz Backpack for Kids.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Ice Cube Molds & Trays, DVI Cables, Shoes, HDMI Cables, Kids' Backpacks.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: This is certainly not a heavy-duty backpack, but it is a very reasonable duty backpack.  I have the Camo Gray backpack.  The teeth on the zipper pocket on the front are silver.  So when its unzipped, it looks almost like braces.  When its zipped, you cant see the teeth.  The pocket is not too deep, but certainly large enough for pencils, pens, and most phones.  The inside of this backpack is large and roomy.  Unfortunately there are no interior pockets.  There are what I would call water bottle pockets on each side.  The back is slightly padded, as are the shoulder straps.  A little more padding would have been nice.  I keep wondering if the hood, partially covering the back, is for anything.  Ive looked and looked, and I think its only as an accent to the backpack.",\
        "output": "I recommend you consider purchasing a SodaStream Fizzi Sparkling Water Maker. The SodaStream Fizzi allows you to make your own sparkling water at home with ease. You mentioned purchasing ice cube molds and trays, so this product complements your desire for refreshing drinks. Enjoy the freedom of creating your own bubbly beverages whenever you like, and reduce your environmental impact in the process."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Given the products I bought and my comments below, recommend to me what I should buy next and explain why",\
        "input": "I am Lalie.\\nI bought the following products: US Acrylic TV Clicker Caddy, Verbatim CD, Cable Matters 2, ANBANA 10 pcs Assorted Colors Plastic Travel Acc.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: With so many devices (ex: Flat Panel TVs, DVDs, etc) now out, many Remotes are needed.  I suggested we needed something to keep them all in one place. We chose this one.  It's very convenient.  It has two storage places giving plenty of room for more than two remotes!  You can see clearly the remotes and they are not laying all over the table falling onto the floor.  It's great!",\
        "output": "I recommend the 'Bamboo Charging Station Dock for 4/5 / 6 Ports USB Charger' for you. It's a perfect complement to your current setup, allowing you to neatly store and charge multiple devices in one place. Just like your TV clicker caddy, this will reduce clutter, prevent items from falling, and enhance the overall tidiness of your space. This charging station also aligns with your preference for visible storage and multipurpose use. You'll be able to charge your devices while keeping them easily accessible, all in an appealing bamboo design."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Given the products I bought previously below, recommend to me a new product to buy and provide a reason.",\
        "input": "I am Nuknuk.\\nI bought the following products: Wilton Cake Leveler, Opsales Polarized Black Metal Clip On Flip Up Grey / Gra, Western Digital WD My Passport for Mac 1TB Portable External Har, HomeFlav Flip Top Airtight Coffee Bean Canister, Logitech Turnaround Case with Rotating Frame and.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: It is like a metal clothes' hanger with a steel wire shaped like a bow. My wife and I used this and were just half successful in cutting our cake. We have to be very careful as the crusty outside part of the cake crumbles. I tried slowly; I tried to swing it to and fro like a saw, still came up with a less than perfect cake.Both arms have notches (probably an eight of an inch apart) to adjust for the desired height. Even so, you can use this only on moderate height cakes, not much room for taller cakes. It is not a blade; it is just a piece of steel wire not much different from what you see on a guitar string.A bread knife will do better if only you can do it with a guide to make sure the top is completely parallel to the base.",\
        "output": "I would recommend the 'OXO Good Grips Stainless Steel Cake Knife'. It features a serrated blade that can easily cut through crusty cakes without causing them to crumble. It also has a comfortable non-slip handle for easy control, ensuring that you can cut your cakes with precision. You've experienced difficulties in cutting your cake evenly with the cake leveler you purchased earlier. This cake knife will be a great addition to your kitchen tools, allowing you to cut your cakes more effectively and effortlessly. Plus, it's made of high-quality stainless steel for durability."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Suggest me a new product to buy and explain the reason for your recommendation.",\
        "input": "I am JEFF SMITH \\"Jeff Smith\\".\\nI bought the following products: Blue Moon Beads Fine Cable Chain, Mediabridge 3.5mm Male To Stereo Audio Cabl, Travelon Set Of 2 Luggage Tags Hot Spots Assorte, AmazonBasics Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Adapter.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Manufacturer is Blue Moon Beads Quantity is 1 Size is 100 Inch Color is Gold Composition is Sterling Plated, Color is  8 Feet, Size is  One Size Color is  Assorted, Style is  Adapter.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: This is what Apple Store suggested I buy and install. I did but it didn't!\\n(Believed what a guru told me about plugging this into a second display. It didn't.\\nSo, followed the next guy's suggestion and it didn't work either. Took it into the\\ntech guys at Apple Store, their setup worked and they suggested I could buy it\\nonline, so did, but it didn't! Work that is.) That gives you the whole story!\\nSo, I'm going to buy the more expensive model and see if that works. Maybe I just\\ncan't add a second display (Samsung) to my iMac. Still open for advice.",\
        "output": "I suggets you to try the 'Apple Multiport Adapter'. Given your previous challenges with connecting a second display to your iMac, this Apple Multiport Adapter could solve your issue. The HDMI port can be used to connect to your Samsung monitor. Since it is an Apple product, it should be compatible with your iMac and potentially resolve the connectivity issues you faced with the previous adapter. Plus, it's a higher-end model, which may deliver better performance and reliability."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Given the products I bought and my comments below, recommend to me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation.",\
        "input": "I am N. B. Kennedy.nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: This chef's jacket is made for work! The fabric is hefty (65% polyester, 35% cotton) and will stand up to wear. I just don't think it was made with women in mind, even though it's marketed as unisex. Unless you're really substantial around the shoulders and chest, the jacket is way too big and bulky on top (at least in size medium). The sleeves are huge and even rolling them up didn't make the jacket fit or look any better, because the shoulders are way too wide. And with the low cotton content, it's not going to shrink much in the wash. At the same time, the shirt barely fit around the hips. It certainly wouldn't be a shirt I'd choose to wear for comfort while I'm in the kitchen. All in all, I prefer to wear white in the kitchen, because then you can bleach out stains.",\
        "output": "I recommend the 'Mercer Culinary M60010WHM Genesis Women's Chef Jacket'. This product falls under the Chef Jackets category. Its features include a tailored fit specifically designed for women, with a breathable blend of 65% polyester and 35% cotton for durability and comfort. Given your feedback on the previous jacket's size and fit, this women's chef jacket could be a better option. It is designed to better fit women's bodies, addressing the issues you had with shoulder width and hip fitting. Moreover, this jacket is white, which aligns with your preference as it can be bleached to remove stains, keeping it looking fresh and clean."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend to me a new product to buy with a reason.",\
        "input": "I bought the following products: OXO SteeL Can Opener, Logitech Z623 400 Watt Home Speaker System, Audio-Technica Audio, Francois et Mimi Stainless Steel Double Wall Fre, Wells Lamont Men's Leather Winter Gloves.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Big cushioned handles absorb pressure Oversized knob is easy to turn Sharp cutting wheel Built-in bottle cap opener Hand wash only, Style is  Analog/Optical, style is  ATR2500-USB, Fully Stainless Steel Holds 1000ml or 34oz Dishwasher Safe Double wall feature keeps liquids hot longer Elegant Brushed Finish, Size is  Large Color is  Chestnut.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: My favorite thing about this system is that with regard to my TV, it truly is plug-and-play. That simple. I merely plugged in the 3.5mm audio cable to the back of the TV and turned the sound on using the basic controls on one of the speakers.\\nOf course, the sound beats my that of my TV so much that I feel dumb for relying on my TV's built-in speakers until now. I watched a soccer match and could hear the audience very well in addition to the announcers and whistles. Sounds in the audience were distinct - truly and surprisingly distinct, and that added a lot.\\nIt's easy to know why Logitech says this is a gaming quality speaker system. The bass is a good fit with the speakers in terms of pricing compatibility. It's a great set without busting one's budget.",\
        "output": " I would recommend you to buy 'Logitech Harmony Elite Remote Control'. This product falls under the Universal Remotes category. It allows you to control home entertainment and smart home devices into one powerful yet effortless harmony experience. Given your appreciation for easy setup and great audio experience, the Harmony Elite will add convenience to your entertainment system. With this device, you can control not only your TV and speaker system but also other smart home devices. This universal remote allows for one-touch activity buttons, meaning you can set up a button for 'Watch Soccer' that turns on your TV, sets the correct input, and adjusts your speakers, all with a single press. "\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend to me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your suggestion.",\
        "input": "I bought the following products: LG Electronics 32LN530B 32, Xtratuf XTRATUF Sharkbyte Men\\u2019s Nubuck Leather Deck Shoe, Epson Home Cinema 730HD, Francois et Mimi 16 Piece Pure White High, Honeywell Oliver 45 Series 8\\" Leather Composite Toe Waterp.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Style is  530B, Size is  10 Style is  Men's, Style is  3000 Lumens, 16 Piece Set Service for 4 Made of High Quality High-fire Porcelain Made in China FDA Certified Lead & Cadmium Free Dishwasher and Microwave Safe, Size is  10 Style is  Brown 6-Inch.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: These boots are very nice looking and extremely supportive.  I put them on my dad and he likes them very much.  They are extremely supportive.  When you first get them, they are a bit stiff like all steel toe type work boots.  Just because it's a composite that is lighter doesn't mean it's ready for all day comfort like it says.  It's not. You still have to wear them in a bit.  However, it does have the protection, the lighter weight and the great look and you will end up with a great shoe that seems like it will last.  These are electrical rated and that is what they are being used for in my case - for electrical work.  These are being worn daily for work so I will update about longevity if there are issues.  I don't expect it with these.",\
        "output": " I recommend the 'Carhartt Men's Rain Defender Paxton Heavyweight Hooded Sweatshirt'. It features Carhartt's durable Rain Defender technology, a water-repellent finish that can handle tough conditions while keeping you dry. Given your interest in high-quality work gear (like the Honeywell Oliver boots) that provides protection and durability, this Carhartt sweatshirt could be a great addition to your workwear collection. It is designed to withstand harsh conditions, much like your boots, and provides extra warmth for outdoor work. Plus, its heavyweight cotton blend offers comfort, and its attached jersey-lined hood provides additional protection against the elements."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend to me a new product to buy next and provide a reason for it.",\
        "input": "I am Twinsboystwice.\\nI bought the following products: Sunbeam FPSBHS0302 250, HDE Case for iPad 2 3 4, Slive, Five Star Backpack.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: This is a very interesting item. It comes with the self wind and 2 AAA battery options. The siren is loud, but not ear splitting. Radio works great, to my surprise.  It only took a few winds to get the light and radio going.  I like that it has a LED light. It is small, but does the trick.  It comes with a USB charger cable, that probably works with most cellphones, but does not work with my iPhone; you will need to use your own Lightning cable.  I was surprised at how small this is, about 3 inches by 5 inches and an inch thick. In my opinion, this is a good thing.  Easy enough to keep in your car or backpack.",\
        "output": " I recommend the 'Anker PowerCore 10000 Portable Charger'. This product falls under the Portable Power Banks category. It features a compact design, high-speed charging technology, and a capacity of 10000mAh, enough to charge an iPhone three times over. Considering your interest in portable and practical items like the Slive radio, this portable charger could be a great fit. It can provide a reliable source of power for your devices during travel or emergencies, and it's small enough to fit in your backpack or even pocket. Given that the Slive radio's USB charger didn't work with your iPhone, this Anker power bank could be a useful accessory to ensure your phone stays charged, especially as it's compatible with the Lightning cable for your iPhone."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Give me some advice about what to buy.",\
        "input": "I am Global Traveler.\\nI bought the following products: Custom Leathercraft var aPageStart ;, US Shelby Co GI P, Samsung WB150F Long Zoom Smart Camera, Fintie Case for Kindle Fire HD 7;. \\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: First off, I have nothing negative to say about any of the functions, or special features as they work exceptionally good. However, the photo clarity in ANY zoomed in shot is surely lacking.\\nI purchased this camera to take to Europe, which is where I'm using right now. Every zoomed in shot is blurry. I own a 14x zoom Canon that takes clear zoomed in shots with no issues, but it doesn't have WiFi capabilities, which is the primary reason I purchased this camera.\\nI can also say that I haven't had any issues with regular shots, but unfortunately the zoomed in ones are not as crisp, or more blurry than others.\\nIf Samsung could improve the quality of the images taken at the zoom level, I would certainly buy it, as all the features this camera has is very nice!\\nI can't rate this camera above 3 stars.",\
        "output": "Given your interest in photography and your need for higher zoom clarity, I recommend the 'Canon PowerShot SX740 Digital Camera'. It offers a 40x Optical Zoom lens with Optical Image Stabilizer for virtually shake-free images, and it includes Wi-Fi and Bluetooth for quick and easy sharing. Considering your previous purchase of a Samsung camera, you expressed dissatisfaction with the image clarity in zoomed-in shots. The Canon PowerShot SX740 addresses this issue with its powerful zoom and image stabilization capabilities. Additionally, it includes the Wi-Fi feature that you found useful in your Samsung camera. Thus, it seems like a fitting upgrade to enhance your photography experience during your travels."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Provide me some advice about what to buy next",\
        "input": "I am Paul A. Dietrich.\\nI bought the following products: SanDisk Sansa Clip+ 4 GB MP3 Player, Garden-Outdoor 17; l. x 4.25; Home Use Stainless Hand, Monoprice 5 feet IR Extender Cable/Receiver, Ergodyne var aPageStart ;, Happy Sales HSCS.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: MP3 & MP4 Players, Kitchen Utensils & Gadgets, Accessories & Supplies, Bandanas, Chopsticks & Chopstick Holders.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: These chopsticks are beautiful! They work fine, as long as my old fingers send the correct messages. I was looking for one pair of 'personal' chopsticks, expecting them to be painted with enamel designs. I was truly shocked to find this set of 5 pair for around $5. They were shipped direct from China, to my home. Waitresses in a nice Chinese restaurant today were admiring them. I was a little concerned that they would be slippery in my fingers, and when eating. Not so. Food clung to them in a very normal manner. Go for it!",\
        "output": "Given your recent purchases and your positive feedback on the stainless steel chopsticks, you might enjoy further enhancing your dining experience with a 'Bento Lunch Box Set'. This set often includes a lunch box with compartments, a soup bowl, and sometimes even additional chopsticks or utensils. It's a great way to carry and enjoy meals at work, outdoors, or even at home. With your interest in quality dining utensils (as evident from your positive response to the chopsticks), a Bento Lunch Box Set can provide a unique and practical way to present and transport your meals."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Given the products I bought and my comments below, recommend to me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation.",\
        "input": "I am PACKERS FAN \\"Gordon Boone\\".\\nI bought the following products: Wilton Easy Pour Funnel, Frieling Cilio C107005 Egg Cup Set, Blue Q, Sylvania SCR1053 1.2, AmazonBasics 6.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Funnels, Cup & Saucer Sets, Accessories, Clock Radios, Surge Protectors.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Produced with the highest grade materials Manufactured to the highest quality available Manufactured in Hong Kong, Made of fire-proof hard porcelain Formed holder holds salt shaker and spoon  Dishwasher safe, Color is  Weed Money, Size is  1.2-Inch, Size is  6 Feet Color is  White.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The bigger than normal BLUE LED numerals are easy to see and recognize. I keep one in the bedroom, one in the kitchen, and travel with one. Has am/fm capability. These were wise purchases for me!",\
        "output": " I recommend considering the 'Etekcity Digital Kitchen Scale'. This falls under the Kitchen Scales category. The Etekcity Digital Kitchen Scale features a clear, easy-to-read LCD display, similar to the large blue LED numerals you enjoy on your Sylvania SCR1053 clock radio. It's also versatile and accurate, making it ideal for measuring ingredients while cooking or baking. The scale's compact design makes it portable and easy to store, aligning with your preference for practical and space-saving devices."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Suggest me a new product to buy.",\
        "input": "I am Steve B \\"Mac User\\".\\nI bought the following products: Jaccard Simply Better Meat Tenderizer Knife 45 B, SE JT6221 16, Logitech Z623 400 Watt Home Speaker System, Kingston Technology HyperX Impact Black 16GB Kit 1866MHz D.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Tenderizers, Repair Tools & Kits, Speakers, Memory.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Reduce cooking time by up to 40% More even cooking Reduced shrinkage No loss of natural juices Easy clean-up, Size is  16-Piece Color is  Blue, Style is  Analog, Capacity is  16 GB kit.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I like the stainless steel columns for the added stability over plastic, and the easy disassembly is nice for cleaning, but watch out when reassembling. Many of my blades were not aligned with the others and reassembly was impossible until I mucked around bending blades back into alignment. Even when aligned, assembly required patience and care. Even if you never disassemble it, it's still a very effective tenderizer, and it makes marinating more efficient. Using this tool is an effective way to make lower-end cuts as tender as the high-priced ones.",\
        "output": "I recommend you consider the 'ThermoPro TP03 Digital Instant Read Meat Thermometer'. This falls under the Kitchen Thermometers category. The ThermoPro TP03 is a quick and accurate kitchen thermometer that can help ensure your meats are cooked to the perfect temperature. Given your positive feedback on the meat tenderizer and your appreciation for its efficiency, a digital meat thermometer could be the next great addition to your kitchen. It's easy to use and clean, similar to the tenderizer you've mentioned. Plus, it has a clear digital screen for easy reading, and it can give readings in mere seconds, which can help improve your cooking efficiency further. "\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Make a recommendation for me to buy a new product and explain why you are making this recommendation.",\
        "input": "I am JEFF SMITH \\"Jeff Smith\\".\\nI bought the following products: Blue Moon Beads Fine Cable Chain, Mediabridge 3.5mm Male To Stereo Audio Cabl, Travelon Set Of 2 Luggage Tags Hot Spots Assorte, AmazonBasics Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Adapter.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Posters & Prints, Stereo Jack Cables, Luggage Tags, Connectors & Adapters.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Manufacturer is Blue Moon Beads Quantity is 1 Size is 100 Inch Color is Gold Composition is Sterling Plated, Color is  8 Feet, Size is  One Size Color is  Assorted, Style is  Adapter.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: This is what Apple Store suggested I buy and install. I did but it didn't!\\n(Believed what a guru told me about plugging this into a second display. It didn't.\\nSo, followed the next guy's suggestion and it didn't work either. Took it into the\\ntech guys at Apple Store, their setup worked and they suggested I could buy it\\nonline, so did, but it didn't! Work that is.) That gives you the whole story!\\nSo, I'm going to buy the more expensive model and see if that works. Maybe I just\\ncan't add a second display (Samsung) to my iMac. Still open for advice.",\
        "output": "Based on your previous purchases and your interest in improving your tech setup, I recommend the Samsung T5 Portable SSD - 1TB - USB 3.1 External SSD.' It will provide additional storage and enhance the performance of your iMac. You can use it to back up your work, store large files, or even run applications directly from it. Why this recommendation? First, it's a quality product from Samsung, a brand you're already interested in given your inclination to add a Samsung display to your setup. Second, while it's not directly related to your display issue, it fits your tech-oriented needs and would be a valuable addition to your computing environment. Lastly, it's easy to use - simply plug it into your iMac's USB port and you're good to go. And yes, it's a bit more expensive than some other storage options, but given your expressed willingness to invest in a more costly solution for a better outcome, it seems to fit your preferences well."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Generate a recommendation for me based on the products I bought and my comments below.",\
        "input": "I am SR.\\nI bought the following products: Belkin 6, OXO Oxo SteeL Kitchen Tool and Utensil Rack, Opsales Polarized Bronze Metal Clip On Flip Up Brown Sun, Opsales Polarized Bronze Metal Clip On Flip Up Brown Sun, Hamilton Beach 2, AUKEY USB Hub 3.0.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Surge Protectors, Utensil Organizers, Sunglasses, Sunglasses, Toasters, Hubs.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Size is  8 Feet Style is  Standard, Convenient storage for OXO SteeL OXO GOOD GRIPS or other tools Holds six tools Easy to install with included hardware, Size is  64 x 56mm Color is  Gray, Size is  50 x 35mm Color is  Gray, Smudgeproof brushed finish Versatile functions-cancel bagel and defrost buttons Cool touch exterior Auto shutoff Extra-wide slots, Color is  Silver.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: Perfect for me.  Have two now.  One for my entertainment center, and another used for my Apple MacMini computer, and so far very pleased with them.  Used to have a UPS, but now days this product will do me just fine.  Portable, easy set up to boot.\\nEdit:  Three (3) years old now, and time for another.  Live in Florida with lightning strikes a plenty.  Still seems to work with my entertainment center but concerned that some spikes may still get through.",\
        "output": "I recommend the 'APC Back-UPS Pro 1500VA UPS Battery Backup & Surge Protector (BR1500G)'. This is a reliable solution that provides surge protection and battery backup. Living in Florida, where lightning strikes are common, this device can prevent possible damage to your equipment. Given your past purchase of a surge protector and your expressed concern about potential spikes getting through, this upgrade to a UPS with battery backup would provide an additional layer of protection. It's also portable and easy to set up, fitting with your appreciation for these features as indicated in your comment."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Give me some advice about what to buy based on the products I bought and my comments below.",\
        "input": "I am Roderic Rinehart.\\nI bought the following products: Built E, Trudeau Garlic Press, AmazonBasics RJ45 Cat, Sabrent 2.5; Hard Disk Drive Mounting Kit B.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Hoodies, Garlic Presses, Cat 5e Cables, Laptop Accessories.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Color is  Maritime, It is self-cleaning Chrome plated It is dishwasher safe 5 years warranty, Size is  25 Feet/7.6 Meters, Size is  Bracket.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: This is exactly what we were looking for, but it works even better than we had hoped and was cheaper than we had planned to spend. Needless to say, we are very happy customers. We use it to store our daughter's iPod touch (4th generation, the newest one). It has a case already, but this protects the screen when it is just sitting around the house or on road trips. Very well made product. I imagine it will last years even with frequent use by kids. It would easily hold any brand smart phone, iPod Touch, and many new digital cameras.",\
        "output": "I recommend the 'Anker PowerCore Essential 20000mAh Portable Charger'. This portable charger can extend the battery life of iPods, smartphones, and other digital devices, ensuring that they don't run out of power during those long road trips or during daily usage. It's a product that's easy to use, robust, and made with quality in mind, much like the Built E product you previously bought and loved. The PowerCore Essential is also a high-capacity charger, so it can provide multiple charges before needing to be recharged itself. This would be a practical and useful addition to your tech accessories, enhancing the usability of the devices you already own."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Provide me a new product to buy with a reason.",\
        "input": "I am Hiawhatha.\\nI bought the following products: Fujifilm FinePix XP10 12 MP Waterproof Digital C, Evriholder Products Sweet Bytes Crust Cutter, Medline MDT13WHT2E Ladies' Full Length Lab Coat, Honey-Can-Do Honey, Mercer Culinary M60010WHM Millennia Men's Cook J, Sony HTCT390 Ultra.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Point & Shoot Digital Cameras, Cookie Cutters, Lab Coats, Baking Cups, Chef Jackets, Speakers.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Color is  Green, Heart crust cutter, Size is  Medium Color is  White, Oven safe to 500-degrees Freezer safe to -58-degrees Microwave safe, Size is  Large Color is  White, Style is  Sound bar.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I am not a professional photographer. So all I am looking for is a quick, fun, point and shoot to take with me to the beach. My husband found this at Costco for a great price so we grabbed it and took it along to the beach.\\nIt was a great camera to have poolside, to capture silly shots of our kids, our pets and each other playing in the pool. My husband and daughter had a great time taking those \\"just plunged into the water\\" shots, although it took us about 5 minutes to get the timing right with the shutter.\\nIt never let us down as far as battery life, uploading photos to the computer, and ease of use. I will say that the viewing screen is useless in the sunshine, as we couldn't see if our shots were coming out or not.\\nBut all in all we are happy with our vacation photos!",\
        "output": "I recommend the 'GoPro HERO9 Black - Waterproof Action Camera with Front LCD and Touch Rear Screens, 5K Ultra HD Video, 20MP Photos, 1080p Live Streaming, Webcam, Stabilization'. You've expressed enjoyment in capturing fun, candid moments with your family, especially during outdoor activities like beach trips. The GoPro HERO9 Black is a perfect upgrade for your adventures. Not only is it waterproof like your previous Fujifilm camera, but it also provides higher picture and video quality, and it's robust enough for all kinds of activities. Moreover, it comes with a front LCD screen that could help you better frame your shots even in bright sunlight, addressing the issue you had with the Fujifilm's screen. With its advanced stabilization and live streaming features, you can capture and share your family's best moments in even higher quality."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Make a suggestion for me to buy a new product based on the products I bought and my comments below.",\
        "input": "I am Lalie.\\nI bought the following products: US Acrylic TV Clicker Caddy, Verbatim CD, Cable Matters 2, ANBANA 10 pcs Assorted Colors Plastic Travel Acc.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Furniture, CD-RW Discs, USB Cables, Luggage Tags.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Made of safe and clean acrylic Multipurpose use. Attractive shape., Style is  25-Disc Spindle, Size is  3 Feet Color is  Blue, Color is  10 Set.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: With so many devices (ex: Flat Panel TVs, DVDs, etc) now out, many Remotes are needed.  I suggested we needed something to keep them all in one place. We chose this one.  It's very convenient.  It has two storage places giving plenty of room for more than two remotes!  You can see clearly the remotes and they are not laying all over the table falling onto the floor.  It's great!",\
        "output": "I recommend the 'Logitech Harmony 665 Advanced Remote Control'. This remote control can replace up to 10 of your current device remotes, which will further help you streamline your entertainment system and reduce the clutter of having multiple remotes. It's compatible with over 270,000 devices, so it will most likely work with all the devices you currently own. You mentioned enjoying the convenience and organization of having your remotes in one place with your TV Clicker Caddy. The Logitech Harmony 665 takes this a step further by potentially reducing the number of remotes you need to manage. This way, you can maintain the neatness of your living space and make operating your devices even more convenient"\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Given the products I bought and my comments below, recommend to me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation.",\
        "input": "I am Amazon Customer.\\nI bought the following products: Thirstystone Set of 6 Cork Coasters from, ADATA A, Honeywell Servus SuperFit 12\\" PVC Dual, Mount-It! Mount.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Coasters, USB Flash Drives, Industrial & Construction Boots, Computer & Monitor Mounts.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Set of 6 Cork Coasters Included Offered By Thirstystone Made in the U.S.A., Size is  16GB Color is  Black, Size is  L  Style is  Bagged, Size is  1 Monitor.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: We had these back in the 1960's they were called artics. Back then they had metal clips instead of elastic cord . I'm not sure how well the cord will hold up. They are great for deep snow when your standard snow-boot just will not cut it. They fit some 10 1/2 inch shoes but not all. Sports type shoes don't fit but dress type do.",\
        "output": "I recommend the Yaktrax Walk Traction Cleats for Walking on Snow and Ice. You mentioned having a pair of snow boots and expressed a slight concern about how well the elastic cord on them would hold up. These traction cleats can provide an added layer of safety and durability when walking in deep snow or icy conditions. They fit over most types of footwear and are easy to put on and take off. They can provide better traction and reduce the risk of slips and falls. This product seems to align well with your expressed needs for reliable, snow-ready footwear."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Considering the products I bought and my comments below, recommend me what I should buy next.",\
        "input": "I am Buffy.\\nI bought the following products: SCI Scandicrafts Ceramic Measuring Spoons, Verbatim DVD+R DL 8.5GB 8X Surface, Symphonized NRG Premium Genuine Wood in, instecho Digital Luggage Scale.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Spoons, DVD+R Discs, Earbud Headphones, Luggage Scales.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Measure in sizes of .25 tsp .5 tsp 1 tsp and 1 tbsp Made of Porcelain Dishwasher Safe, Style is  30-Disc, Color is  Red, Color is  Black.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I enjoy these spoons because they have lots of style, they're attractive and unique. Since they can break, I use them carefully.",\
        "output": " I would recommend the 'Le Creuset Stoneware Salt and Pepper Shakers'.vLe Creuset is known for their high-quality, durable, and aesthetically pleasing kitchenware. These salt and pepper shakers, available in a variety of colors, would be a charming addition to your kitchen. They are sturdy, but like your ceramic measuring spoons, they would need to be handled with care. This would be a perfect fit for you, given your enjoyment of attractive, unique kitchen items and your willingness to take good care of them"\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Suggest me a product to buy based on the products I bought previously and my comments below.",\
        "input": "I am Noname.\\nI bought the following products: Good Cook 5.75 Inch x 3 Mini Loaf Pan, Kingwin SSD Hard Drive Mounting Kit Internal, M2cbridge M2CBridge 4pc 100% Bright Red Ceramic Canister S, King's by Honeywell 6\\" WOMEN'S Steel Toe Welted, Poweradd 5.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Bakeware, Hard Drive Enclosures, Food Bins & Canisters, Industrial & Construction, Power Strips.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Heavy Duty Easy Clean Non-Stick Coating The Perfect Size For Individual Loaves Dishwasher Safe, Capacity is  2 x 2.5 HDD/SSD to 3.5 Metal , Includes four size is 24 28 33 and 37 ounce Hand wash only Product Dimensions is 15.75*7.48*12.60 inches Shipping Weight is 8.6 pounds, Size is  Size 9 Color is  Gray, Color is  Red.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I own some pretty large and bulky surge protectors that can handle so many electronics and appliances, but what I needed next to my bed was something a little smaller.  This 5-outlet surge protector doesn't have the fancy swivel outlets to keep wall warts from blocking adjacent outlets, but it is slim and not too bulky.  Two USB ports are included, which I've found handy for charging my tablet and phone.  Aside from those, it is busy powering my phone, and charging my laptop.  That's really all I need.\\nLove the color, by the way.  Red is so much better than the standard black/white/gray.\\nThis product was provided for review by Poweradd.",\
        "output": "I recommend the Anker PowerWave Stand, Qi-Certified for iPhone and Android. This wireless charging stand is a sleek and compact solution to charge your phone and tablet. It's perfect for your bedside as it provides a clutter-free charging solution, eliminating the need for additional cables. The stand also allows you to comfortably use your device while it charges. Moreover, as you mentioned your fondness for the color red, this charger comes in a variety of colors, and hopefully, you can find one that suits your preferences."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me a product to buy based on the products I bought previously and my comments below.",\
        "input": "I am Cabushka.\\nI bought the following products: Belkin BZ103050, Charles Viancin Honeycomb Pot Holder, Travelon Set of 2 Luggage Tags, Bose SoundLink On, Thunder Group 24 Cup Nonstick Muffin Pan.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Power Strips, Potholders, Luggage Tags, Over-Ear Headphones, Muffin & Cupcake Pans.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Style is  2.1 Amp, Can be used as a pot holder and trivet Useful tool for unscrewing tight jar lids Slow heat transfer Dishwasher safe Food grade silicone, Color is  Assorted, Color is  Black, Thunder Group SLKMP024 Carbon Steel Non Stick Muffin Pan.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: Finally a comfortable headphone that I can wear for hours! This is my first experience with Bose headphones and I'm very impressed. Though there is most definitely a sacrifice in carry-on convenience, these would have been wonderful on my recent flight to & from Europe. I could hardly make it through a movie wearing my painful in-ear buds. The Bluetooth feature is awesome while at home, giving me freedom of movement while listening to music, books or podcasts. There is also an auxiliary cord for use on flights or non-Bluetooth situations. The sound is very clear and controls are strategically placed. Definitely worth the increase in size for the comfort and clarity!",\
        "output": "I'd recommend you consider purchasing the Bose SoundLink Revolve+ Portable & Long-Lasting Bluetooth 360 Speaker. The reason I chose this for you is because it aligns with your enjoyment of the Bose brand and its audio quality, as you expressed in your feedback about the Bose SoundLink headphones. The SoundLink Revolve+ Speaker offers a rich, deep, and loud sound quality with true 360-degree coverage. Plus, it's portable and durable, making it a great companion for any room or even outdoor activities."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Give me advice on what to buy next with a reason for your recommendation.",\
        "input": "I am PattyLouise \\"Patty\\".\\nI bought the following products: Happy Sales HSKS5/B, Happy Sales 5 Piece Crane Chopstick Set with Res, Logitech Turnaround Case with Rotating Frame and, Case Logic LARI114 14; RollTop Backpack, Case Logic LARI115 15\\" Ruck Sack Backpack.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Chopsticks & Chopstick Holders, Chopsticks & Chopstick Holders, Cases, Input Devices, Casual Daypacks.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Lacquer chopstick with travel case Chopsticks measure 9L and the box is 9 1/2 L Made in Japan, 5 wooden chopsticks 9L Made from Natural material Made in China Happy Sales 5 Piece Crane Chopstick Set with Rests MC Assorted, Style is  iPad Air 2, Color is  Petrol Green, Color is  Hudson.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I really like this backpack!  I love that I can pop my iPad and Kindle in it and it's nicely protected. The back pack I received is a khaki color but I actually like the khaki color much better than the blue one. I like the straps, too!  Another reviewer mentioned the closures and I will watch them, too, in case they break too quickly.  It does sort of sit high on my back but most of the time I will just toss this in the car and carry it by the straps...or rather one strap.  I think you can spot clean this but I always spray Scotchguard on things like this.  I think this will be a fun bag to carry for short trips or even longer trips as a second bag...I can easily stuff a sweater or scarf inside...perhaps even some extra clothes.  I really like this bag!",\
        "output": "Based on your previous purchases and your love for practical and stylish items, I recommend the 'Anker PowerCore Essential 20000mAh Power Bank'. This is a portable charger that can keep your iPad and Kindle running for hours when you're out and about. It's perfect for your short and long trips as it can easily fit in your backpack along with your other items. It's also known for its durability and efficiency, which seems to be something you value. "\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Find a product that I might like based on the products I bought and my comments below.",\
        "input": "I am Dean Robinson.\\nI bought the following products: Olde Thompson 4, Norpro 3257 Pie Topper Cutters Cookie Stamp, Plugable USB 2.0 4, Belkin Surge Protector with USB Port, Honeywell Oliver 16\\" PVC Puncture.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Salt & Pepper Shaker Sets, Cookie Cutters, Hubs, Surge Protectors, Shoes.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Fully adjustable grinding mechanism Filled with Pepper & Salt, Set of four Set includes is leaf strawberry cherry and heart Hand wash recommended, Capacity is  4-Port USB 2.0, Size is  2 Outlet Style is  2 AMP with Battery Pack, Size is  Size-10.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I received a pair of Oliver Footwear 16\\" Safety Gum Boots in exchange for an honest review.\\nI wear a size 9 1/2 shoe and these boots fit very comfortably. They are as strong and as tough as they look. I own 5+ acres in the woods and do a lot of clear cutting and underbrush around nettles and these boots have proven to be very capable at protecting my feet and shins. They are a bit heavy but then, for this kind of protection and durability, I am not surprised. You won't want to run a marathon in these but if you want serious protection and want them to last for life, these ar for you.",\
        "output": "I recommend considering the 'KEEN Utility Men's Pittsburgh Steel Toe Work Boot. These boots are known for their rugged construction and reliable safety features, making them ideal for your outdoor activities such as clear cutting and underbrush work on your property."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Generate a recommendation for me based on the products I bought and my comments below.",\
        "input": "I am Amazon Customer.\\nI bought the following products: Thirstystone Set of 6 Cork Coasters from, ADATA A, Honeywell Servus SuperFit 12\\" PVC Dual, Mount-It! Mount.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Coasters, USB Flash Drives, Industrial & Construction Boots, Computer & Monitor Mounts.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Set of 6 Cork Coasters Included Offered By Thirstystone Made in the U.S.A., Size is  16GB Color is  Black, Size is  L  Style is  Bagged, Size is  1 Monitor.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: We had these back in the 1960's they were called artics. Back then they had metal clips instead of elastic cord . I'm not sure how well the cord will hold up. They are great for deep snow when your standard snow-boot just will not cut it. They fit some 10 1/2 inch shoes but not all. Sports type shoes don't fit but dress type do.",\
        "output": "Based on your comment about needing boots for deep snow, SnowTrax Traction Cleats would be a great addition to your winter gear. These cleats provide extra traction and stability when walking on icy or snowy surfaces. They easily attach to your shoes and are designed to fit various shoe sizes. With SnowTrax Traction Cleats, you can confidently navigate through deep snow without worrying about slipping or losing traction"\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Suggest me a new product to buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation.",\
        "input": "I am Sasha Q..\\nI bought the following products: Seagate Backup Plus 1TB Portable External Hard D, Seagate Wireless Plus 1TB Portable Hard Drive wi, Francois et Mimi Double Wall French Coffee Press, Mercer Culinary M60010WHM Millennia Men's Cook J.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Data Storage, External Hard Drives, French Presses, Chef Jackets.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Color is  Black Capacity is  1 TB, Capacity is  1 TB, Stainless Steel Holds 350mL or 12oz Dribble-proof spout Dishwasher Safe Double wall feature keeps liquids hot longer, Size is  Large Color is  White.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I am used to the Bodum Coffee Presses, and I like the beauty of this one, especially when serving guests (although its size does limit the amount of people it can serve at one time!). Mine arrived in great condition, though the box did have a hole in it, at least the press was not damaged or scratched. It makes a great cup of coffee and I didn't detect any metallic taste. I like that, unlike the glass beakers, it is unbreakable. The price is reasonable, and it really is pretty. Plus, it makes a great cup of java and keeps it hot for awhile, too (although you might get a pretty strong cup of coffee if you keep it in the press for too long!). All in all, a good buy for a great coffee press. If they could get the packaging in better order, it would also make a great gift.",\
        "output": "Since you enjoy cooking and have purchased a chef jacket in the past, a KitchenAid Stand Mixer would be an excellent addition to your kitchen appliances. The KitchenAid Stand Mixer is a versatile and powerful tool that can handle a wide range of cooking and baking tasks. It comes with various attachments, allowing you to mix, knead, whip, and blend ingredients with ease. The mixer's sturdy construction ensures durability, and its sleek design adds a touch of elegance to your kitchen."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Make a recommendation for me to buy a new product and explain why you are making this recommendation.",\
        "input": "I am Robert A. Grossman.\\nI bought the following products: Opsales Polarized Bronze Metal Clip On Flip Up Brown Sun, Western Digital WD My Passport 2TB Portable External USB 3.0 Har, Synology DS214+ NAS 2 Bay Diskless SATA USB 3.0, Francois et Mimi 16 Piece Pure White Ribbed Porcelain Dinnerware.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Sunglasses, External Hard Drives, Network Attached Storage, Dinnerware Sets.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Size is  50 x 35mm Color is  Yellow, Color is  Black Capacity is  2 TB, Capacity is  Diskless, 16 Piece Set Service for 4 Made of High Quality High-fire Porcelain Made in China FDA Certified Lead & Cadmium Free Dishwasher and Microwave Safe.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I'm thrilled to have added a network to my household. Admittedly, I have not used it to it's full capacity (e.g., with my tablets and smart phones, or accessing remotely) but I'm at the beginning end of the learning curve with this technology and am confident I'll get more proficient with it. I give it four stars because set up was relatively simple though not completely intuitive. It's not five stars in my mind because I've found Synology's tech support to be mediocre at best. I asked some questions on their forums and they did respond within a day but they didn't answer my questions. I don't think they read them. They were relatively simple questions; or so I thought but the responses I got were as though they were from another planet!",\
        "output": "Since you have recently added a network to your household and expressed interest in expanding your technological proficiency, the Google Nest WiFi Router would be a valuable addition for you to buy. This router offers reliable and seamless Wi-Fi coverage throughout your home, ensuring a strong and stable connection for all your devices, including tablets and smartphones. It's easy to set up and manage through the Google Home app, providing intuitive controls and allowing you to optimize your network settings."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Given the products I bought and my comments below, recommend to me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation.",\
        "input": "I am Catrine.\\nI bought the following products: West Bend 82306 Stir Crazy 6, Baby Cakes 5 Waffle Stick Maker, iMBAPrice iMBAPrice&reg; 15 Feet Black USB 2.0 Printer and, Unknown One Decade Auto Rosary For Rear View Mirror, TASIRO Best Handmade Bling Business Card H, AmazonBasics Portable Wireless Bluetooth Speaker.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I love the stir crazy popcorn maker. This is the second one I purchased. My last one was used to death. I recently discovered \\"coconut oil\\" and its a great way to pop corn with this popper. The flavor is awesome. I use a 1/2 c. of kernels and 1-2 T. oil. Makes a perfect batch every time. I bought many different poppers,  as I do not like microwave popcorn. I got a much more expensive one and although it looked cute, it only made a small amt. It was also a real pain to clean. This is a nice size bowl. Clean up is a breeze. So easy! Do not hesitate. Use coconut oil & flavacol and you will have \\"Movie theater style\\" popcorn. They are both sold on amazon.com",\
        "output": "Since you enjoy cooking and have purchased kitchen appliances in the past, the Instant Pot Duo 7-in-1 Electric Pressure Cooker would be a fantastic addition to your culinary arsenal. This versatile appliance combines seven functions in one, including pressure cooking, slow cooking, saut\\u00e9ing, steaming, and more. With the Instant Pot, you can effortlessly prepare a wide range of dishes, from soups and stews to rice and desserts, saving you time and effort in the kitchen. "\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me a new product to buy",\
        "input": "I am Cabushka.\\nI bought the following products: Belkin BZ103050, Charles Viancin Honeycomb Pot Holder, Travelon Set of 2 Luggage Tags, Bose SoundLink On, Thunder Group 24 Cup Nonstick Muffin Pan.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Power Strips, Potholders, Luggage Tags, Over-Ear Headphones, Muffin & Cupcake Pans.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Style is  2.1 Amp, Can be used as a pot holder and trivet Useful tool for unscrewing tight jar lids Slow heat transfer Dishwasher safe Food grade silicone, Color is  Assorted, Color is  Black, Thunder Group SLKMP024 Carbon Steel Non Stick Muffin Pan.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: Finally a comfortable headphone that I can wear for hours! This is my first experience with Bose headphones and I'm very impressed. Though there is most definitely a sacrifice in carry-on convenience, these would have been wonderful on my recent flight to & from Europe. I could hardly make it through a movie wearing my painful in-ear buds. The Bluetooth feature is awesome while at home, giving me freedom of movement while listening to music, books or podcasts. There is also an auxiliary cord for use on flights or non-Bluetooth situations. The sound is very clear and controls are strategically placed. Definitely worth the increase in size for the comfort and clarity!",\
        "output": "I recommend considering the Philips SHP9500 Over-Ear Open-Back Headphones as your next product. Reason for recommendation: The Philips SHP9500 Over-Ear Open-Back Headphones offer a different listening experience compared to the Bose SoundLink On headphones you previously purchased. These open-back headphones provide a spacious soundstage and natural sound reproduction, making them ideal for immersive listening sessions. They are known for their comfort, which is important to you based on your comment about wearing headphones for hours. "\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation.",\
        "input": "I am Plano Gal.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I have small ear canals and have been having discomfort with my earbuds, so tried these and about three other brands. These, so far are the most comfortable for me. The sound is good, and I like the volume control that is on the earphone wire. It has a little less \\"rustling\\" noise from movement than the other brands I have tried. I gave it a four star, because while I like them a lot, I still  hope to find something a tiny bit more comfortable and that has no rustling noise at all from the wires and movement.",\
        "output": "I recommend considering the Bose QuietComfort 35 II Wireless Noise-Canceling Headphones as your next product. Reason for recommendation: The Bose QuietComfort 35 II headphones are known for their exceptional comfort and impressive noise-canceling capabilities. Since you mentioned having discomfort with your previous earbuds, these over-ear headphones provide a more comfortable fit, especially with their cushioned ear cups. The noise-canceling feature will help you enjoy your music or audio content without external distractions, addressing your desire for a more immersive listening experience. Additionally, the Bose QuietComfort 35 II headphones have advanced audio technology, delivering high-quality sound with deep bass and clear tones. They also come with volume controls on the earphone wire, which you appreciated in your previous earphones. The wireless functionality allows for hassle-free listening, and the absence of wires eliminates the 'rustling' noise you mentioned."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Make a suggestion for me to buy a new product",\
        "input": "I am handicapped shopper.\\nI bought the following products: Adcraft KS, IKEA Ikea Travel Size Bottles 8 Pack, Samsung EVO 64GB 48/MB/s Micro SDXC Memory Card, Liroyal Mini Aluminum Key Chain Carabiners, Yens 10B8DVD 8 Discs Storage CD DVD Case with Do, Kirkland Signature 587346 Parchment.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Paintings, Travel Accessories, Computer Accessories & Peripherals, Keyrings & Keychains, DVD Cases, Parchment.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: 1 Per Case, Size is  Set of 12, Capacity is  64 GB Style is  EVO, Color is  various, Size is  Black 8 Discs, Used as a liner for baking is an easy way to bake cook and prepare food with almost no clean up Non stick parchment paper.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I needed something better than the cheap hard plastic that came on my pet disposal bags.  The plastic kept breaking and I'd lose the bags and containers, which was both expensive and annoying.  These work great.  I also used them to attach mini flashlights to my purse, dog leash and pet's collar. I noticed that my brother, unknown to me, had purchased some, too.  He also finds lots of uses for them.  My only wish is that they came in different sizes.",\
        "output": "I recommend considering the Nite Ize S-Biner Dual Carabiner as your next product. Reason for recommendation: The Nite Ize S-Biner Dual Carabiner offers a versatile and convenient solution for organizing and attaching various items. You mentioned using carabiners to attach mini flashlights to your purse, dog leash, and pet's collar, and the Nite Ize S-Biner is designed precisely for that purpose. These carabiners are made of durable aluminum and have a secure gate closure, ensuring that your items stay attached without risk of breaking or falling off."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Considering the products I bought and my comments below, recommend to me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation.",\
        "input": "I am K.C..\\nI bought the following products: Ivation IVUC96W Digital Ultrasonic Cleaner with, Logitech Multimedia Speakers Z150 with Stereo So, Honeywell Oliver 45 Series 8\\" Leather Composite Toe Waterp, Francois et Mimi Soup Mug, AmazonBasics USB Type.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Cleaning & Care, Computer Speakers, Industrial & Construction Boots, Mug Sets, USB-to-USB Adapters.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Size is  Machine Color is  Silver, Style is  Speaker, Size is  10 Style is  Black 6-Inch, Set of 4  Color Jumbo Wide Mouth Coffee/Soup Mugs, Color is  Black.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: When these arrived, they looked just like the picture...not too much to look at, right?  I didn't have high hopes for the sound quality.\\nMy boyfriend offered to hook them up for me (he's not real tech-savvy, so this was a good test of the directions).  I was working in the house, and went to the garage, and he had music playing--it sounded awesome.  I asked what he was playing, and it was one of his ipods on these speakers!  The sound was really crisp and clear, and had surprising range.  They didn't get very loud, but that's okay.  He tested it on his computer and his ipods, and the music sounded great.\\nI was all set to be \\"meh\\" about these, but I have to say, they sound great for what they are.  I wish they were a little more snazzy looking, but aside from that, they're a great buy.",\
        "output": "I recommend considering the JBL Flip 5 Portable Bluetooth Speaker as your next product. Reason for recommendation: The JBL Flip 5 Portable Bluetooth Speaker offers a significant upgrade in sound quality compared to the Logitech Multimedia Speakers Z150 you previously purchased. You mentioned being pleasantly surprised by the crisp and clear sound of the Logitech speakers, and the JBL Flip 5 takes it a step further. This portable speaker is known for its powerful audio performance, delivering immersive sound with deep bass and impressive range."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me a product to buy.",\
        "input": "I am Hervian Rose.\\nI bought the following products: Honeywell Retail Sync Stereo Earmuff with MP3 Connectio, Tupperware Thatsa Bowl HUGE BIG BOWL MEGA 42 Cup, MQbix MQET38WHT AeroFones Platinum High Performa, South Main Hardware 848107 100.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Earmuffs, Storage & Organization, Earpads, Cable Ties.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Style is  Wireless, 42 Cup CAPACITY VIRTUALLY AIR TIGHT VIRTUALLY LIQUID SPILL PROOF SEAL Green Bowl with Parrot Green Seal, Color is  White, Color is  Natural Style is  100-Pack.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: received for a wedding gift 19 years ago and my dear husband and I were able to melt it in the oven between us. He had just cut up about 10 pounds of cubed lamb and put a marinade on it. He stuck it in the cold oven to keep the dog from bothering it and went out to take kids to school.I came in from the garden with some squash to roast and turned on the oven while I was cutting it up.When the smoke alarm sounded we realized that our wonderful bowl was finished. We took a picture.So.This one is very similar. It is shaped a little differently but seems to have the same basic construction. If it lasts as long as the first, we'll be empty nested and probably won't need anything that big.",\
        "output": "I recommend considering the Pyrex Easy Grab Glass Bakeware Set as your next product. Reason for recommendation: The Pyrex Easy Grab Glass Bakeware Set offers a practical and durable solution for your baking and storage needs. You mentioned having a memorable experience with a large bowl that unfortunately melted in the oven, and the Pyrex glass bakeware set provides a reliable alternative. These glass containers are designed to withstand high temperatures without melting, making them safe and suitable for baking."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Suggest me a product to buy.",\
        "input": "I am Twinsboystwice.\\nI bought the following products: Sunbeam FPSBHS0302 250, HDE Case for iPad 2 3 4, Slive, Five Star Backpack.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Stand Mixers, Cases, Radios, Casual Daypacks.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: 250 watt motor 5 speeds heel rest design Chrome beaters and dough hooks Dual function Hand Mixer Stand Mixer 3-quart stainless steel bowl, Color is  Blue, Color is  Green, Color is  Dark Gray.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: This is a very interesting item. It comes with the self wind and 2 AAA battery options. The siren is loud, but not ear splitting. Radio works great, to my surprise.  It only took a few winds to get the light and radio going.  I like that it has a LED light. It is small, but does the trick.  It comes with a USB charger cable, that probably works with most cellphones, but does not work with my iPhone; you will need to use your own Lightning cable.  I was surprised at how small this is, about 3 inches by 5 inches and an inch thick. In my opinion, this is a good thing.  Easy enough to keep in your car or backpack.",\
        "output": "I recommend considering the Eton Rugged Multipowered Portable Emergency Weather Radio as your next product. Reason for recommendation: The Eton Rugged Multipowered Portable Emergency Weather Radio offers a versatile and reliable solution for emergency preparedness and outdoor adventures. You mentioned being pleased with the functionality of the radio and the LED light of a previous product, and the Eton Rugged Multipowered Radio encompasses both of those features. This weather radio is designed to provide you with access to important weather updates, news, and emergency alerts. It can be powered through multiple sources, including a hand crank, solar panel, AAA batteries, or a USB charger. The compact size and rugged construction make it suitable for outdoor activities, camping trips, or keeping it in your car or backpack. Additionally, the Eton Rugged Multipowered Radio features a built-in LED flashlight, offering a convenient lighting solution during emergencies or low-light situations. It also comes with a USB charger cable, allowing you to charge various devices if needed, although you mentioned it may not work with your iPhone."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Consider the products I bought and my comments below, recommend to me a new product with a reason.",\
        "input": "I am OlyNomad.\\nI bought the following products: Magic Chef MCD1311ST 1.3cf 1000W S, Homer Laughlin Fiesta 6, Honeywell Oliver 45 Series 8\\" Leather Composite Toe Waterp, Wells Lamont Men's Leather Winter Gloves, Monoprice Certified Premium HDMI Cable, Zebra Pen StylusPen Retractable Ballpoint.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: We've had ours less than two years and it's already stopped working.  Last night it started smelling like plastic parts were burning when we were cooking in it.  Before that it would turn off randomly.  Power supply was fine, it was the microwave itself.  Called their customer service to find out what options existed and the rep I got (after 20 minutes and a transfer) was extremely rude, answered with a monotone and said there was nothing they could do.  It literally felt like I was interrupting her from painting her nails or something, that same kind of blase tone.  The combination of the short life span of their product and their obvious lack of concern from their customer service guarantees I won't buy another Magic Chef product.",\
        "output": "I recommend considering the Panasonic NN-SN686S Countertop Microwave Oven as your next product. Reason is that The Panasonic NN-SN686S Countertop Microwave Oven offers a reliable and high-quality option for your microwave needs. You mentioned having a negative experience with the Magic Chef microwave, including malfunctions and poor customer service. In contrast, Panasonic is known for its durable and well-performing appliances, and the NN-SN686S model is highly regarded."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Suggest me a new product to buy.",\
        "input": "I bought the following products: Adcraft KS, IKEA Ikea Travel Size Bottles 8 Pack, Samsung EVO 64GB 48/MB/s Micro SDXC Memory Card, Liroyal Mini Aluminum Key Chain Carabiners, Yens 10B8DVD 8 Discs Storage CD DVD Case with Do, Kirkland Signature 587346 Parchment.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Paintings, Travel Accessories, Computer Accessories & Peripherals, Keyrings & Keychains, DVD Cases, Parchment.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: 1 Per Case, Size is  Set of 12, Capacity is  64 GB Style is  EVO, Color is  various, Size is  Black 8 Discs, Used as a liner for baking is an easy way to bake cook and prepare food with almost no clean up Non stick parchment paper.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I needed something better than the cheap hard plastic that came on my pet disposal bags.  The plastic kept breaking and I'd lose the bags and containers, which was both expensive and annoying.  These work great.  I also used them to attach mini flashlights to my purse, dog leash and pet's collar. I noticed that my brother, unknown to me, had purchased some, too.  He also finds lots of uses for them.  My only wish is that they came in different sizes.",\
        "output": "I recommend considering the Nite Ize Gear Tie Reusable Rubber Twist Tie as your next product. Reason is that the Nite Ize Gear Tie Reusable Rubber Twist Tie offers versatile and durable solutions for organizing and securing various items. You mentioned using carabiners to attach mini flashlights to your purse, dog leash, and pet's collar, and the Nite Ize Gear Tie provides a flexible alternative. These rubber twist ties can be easily shaped and twisted to securely hold items in place without the risk of breakage or loss."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Provide me a product to buy with a reason.",\
        "input": "For one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I am happy with the performance of this item. It is a perfect fit on my stove top and will take the place of me using empty 11oz coffee cans and vegetable cans for this. After it cools I will place in fridge, invert and put in double plastic grocery bag, tie off and dispose in trash.",\
        "output": "I recommend considering the RSVP International Endurance Stainless Steel Stove Top Oil Keeper as your next product. Reason for recommendation: The RSVP International Endurance Stainless Steel Stove Top Oil Keeper offers a convenient and practical solution for storing and reusing cooking oil. You mentioned using empty coffee cans and vegetable cans for this purpose, and this oil keeper provides a more durable and efficient alternative."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Make a suggestion for me to buy a new product.",\
        "input": "I am K. Miller.\\nI bought the following products: Anchor Hocking 2 Quart Glass Batter Bowl With Li, Crucial 2GB Single DDR3/DDR3L 1600 MT/S Unbuffe, Babiators Original Aviator Sunglasses, ViewSonic VX2252MH 22 Inch 2ms 75Hz 1080p Gaming.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Mixing Bowls, Memory, Sunglasses, Monitors.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Glass batter bowl with blue plastic lid glass made in the USA BPA free plastic lid Handle grip for easy maneuvering 2-quart capacity, Capacity is  8GB, Size is  Large  Color is  Omg! Orange, Size is  24-Inch Style is  1080p.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I was torn between this and the Pyrex and am glad I went with this one.  It's sturdy, I love the enclosed handle and it fits in my dishwasher nicely.  The lid is a tight fit and can be left slightly askew (Belgian Waffles!) in the fridge.",\
        "output": "I recommend considering the Oster 6-Speed Hand Mixer as your next product. Reason for recommendation: The Oster 6-Speed Hand Mixer offers a versatile and efficient tool for your baking needs. You mentioned being torn between different options for a mixing bowl, and the Oster hand mixer complements that choice by providing a reliable mixing tool."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next.",\
        "input": "I am Sheila-Andy.\\nI bought the following products: CreativeWare Insulated Tumblers with Lids, Grandma's Secret Jewelry Cleaner, The Friendly Swede Replaceable Micro, Aurum Cables Male to 3.5mm Universal 24K Go.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Glassware & Drinkware, Cleaning & Care, Styluses, Audio Cables.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Set includes is six clear tumblers with lids Contains no bpa Made in the usa, Size is  3-Ounce, Color is  Dark Blue  Light Blue  Purple, Size is  2 Feet Color is  2 Pack - Blue & Green.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: These tumblers are very well put together and come with lids that been sipped or used with a straw. They are good for hot and cold beverages and are dishwasher safe. I wish they came in colors as well as clear.",\
        "output": "I recommend considering the 'Simple Modern Classic Insulated Tumbler.' This tumbler offers similar features to your previous purchase, such as insulation for both hot and cold beverages and a lid for convenience. However, what sets it apart is the wide range of vibrant colors it comes in, addressing your preference for colored tumblers. "\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Given the products I bought and my comments below, suggest me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation.",\
        "input": "I am CRossi.\\nI bought the following products: RSVP International Round and Square Decorative Gift Label 48 Piece, SCI Scandicrafts Vegetable Crinkle Cutter and French Fry Slicer, Factory Effex 15, Cosmos Black Neoprene Sleeve Case Bag Cover for, MoKo Samsung Galaxy Note PRO ; Tab 12.2.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Kitchen Utensils & Gadgets, Mandolines & Slicers, Women, Sleeves, Cases.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Includes two of each design in round and square Great for any occasion including birthdays anniversaries and holidays Makes eye-catching hang tags, Stainless steel with wooden handle Add crinkle cut design to potatoes and vegetables Hand wash, Size is  Large, Size is  11inch, Color is  Carbon Fiber Black.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: Such a great sleeve for my new Macbook Air. It's thin and provides plenty of protection. Love it and I'm very happy with this purchase.\\n...Follow up to this review...I took my Macbook Air to Europe with me and this case was a life saver on more than one occasion. It was stored safely in my backpack as we traveled from The Amalfi Coast>Naples>Rome>Venice>Paris.",\
        "output": "Based on your previous purchases and your positive comment about the Cosmos Black Neoprene Sleeve Case Bag Cover for your Macbook Air, I recommend considering the Thule Gauntlet MacBook Sleeve. This sleeve offers excellent protection for your laptop while being slim and lightweight, just like the one you enjoyed before. Its rugged design and durable materials make it perfect for travel, ensuring your device remains safe during your adventures. "\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Suggest me a new product to buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation.",\
        "input": "I am Lisa Smith.\\nI bought the following products: Babiators Original Aviator Sunglasses, StarTech StarTech.com 2m Long White Apple 8, Electrolux Frigidaire Professional Stainless 7 Quart Slow C, Belkin YourType Bluetooth Wireless Keypad.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: Truth be told, I have a few slow cookers these days, and I actually use them all because they each have various strengths and weaknesses.This slow cooker looks pretty and makes some great ribs but since it does not run on a timer or anything you do have to have some semblance of the cooking time you're going for.It is huge, so if you're cooking for one it likely is not your best bet based on the fact that it really works best when at least halfway full.Other then that, I can't think of any complaints - it is definitely sleek looking and a great addition to any kitchen based on brand name and looks - but in terms of features you can do better.",\
        "output": " I recommend considering the Instant Pot Duo Nova Pressure Cooker. This versatile kitchen appliance offers a wide range of cooking functions, including slow cooking, pressure cooking, steaming, and more. It provides the convenience of a programmable timer, allowing you to set the desired cooking time easily. "\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next.",\
        "input": "I am maximum verbosity.\\nI bought the following products: Bialetti Taste of Italy Pizza Chopper, AmazonBasics 14, IKEA Ikea Travel Size Bottles 8 Pack, Francois et Mimi Bamboo Multi, JOTO USB Car Charger 3 Ports.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Pasta & Pizza Tools, Sleeves, Travel Accessories, Breakfast Trays, Chargers & Adapters.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: Great little USB Charger that allows you to charge up to three devices at one time, which is great for road trips when the outlets for charging our many mobile devices is very limited. Sometimes we've wanted to be able to plug in our GPS, a cell phone and a tablet while the kids also wanted to plug in their stuff so we're forced to make a choice whether to plug them in to keep the peace in the back seat, but then have no use of our mobile devices, or the ugly alternative? \\nJust plug it in to the appropriate outlet plug in your car and you're good to go. Charges quickly and efficiently and is small enough to throw in your bag or glove box.\\nNote that the company sent me a sample of this item for my personal use in hopes that I'd write a review, good or bad. This is my honest experience.",\
        "output": "Based on your previous purchases and your positive comment about the JOTO USB Car Charger with 3 Ports, I recommend considering the Anker PowerCore Portable Charger. This portable charger offers a high-capacity power bank solution for charging your mobile devices on the go. It provides multiple charging ports, allowing you to charge multiple devices simultaneously, just like the car charger you found convenient for road trips."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Suggest me what I should buy next.",\
        "input": "I bought the following products: OXO SteeL Can Opener, Lodge 3 Quart Cast Iron Deep Skillet with Lid. C, ZIPIT Grillz Backpack for Kids, Atlantic Full Motion Tilt, South Main Hardware 888108 100.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Manual, All Pans, Kids' Backpacks, TV Ceiling & Wall Mounts, Cable Ties.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Big cushioned handles absorb pressure Oversized knob is easy to turn Sharp cutting wheel Built-in bottle cap opener Hand wash only, Heavy cast-iron for superior heat retention Tips on underside of lid allow condensing liquid to moisten food Pre-seasoned for nonstick finish, Color is  Camo Grey Style is  Extra Side Pocket, Size is  12-27, Size is  5 Inch.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: Wow, the price of these have really come down. I remember when flat screen TVs come out, the wall mounts were pricey. I cant believe how nice of quality this wall mount is and that it comes with the accessories that you need as well.\\nThis fits TVs from 12 to 27 which is just what we need for the small TV in our bedroom. We had a regular old style TV in a cabinet but wanted to switch to a Smart TV. We wanted to be able to hang the Smart TV to our wall instead of keeping it a cabinet.\\nIt comes with the wall mount, all the brackets that you need, velcro ties, and level included for installation. It even includes a 6 ft HDMI Cable in needed.\\nIt was fairly easy for my husband to mount and then install the TV but he is pretty handy at mechanical things.",\
        "output": "Since you have purchased kitchen and home-related products in the past, the OXO Good Grips Non-Stick Pro Half Sheet Pan would be a great addition to your kitchenware collection. It offers superior baking performance with its commercial-grade construction and micro-textured pattern, ensuring even heat distribution for perfectly baked goods. The non-stick coating makes for easy food release and quick cleanup. With its square-rolled edges, you'll have a secure grip while handling the pan."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Suggest me a product to buy.",\
        "input": "I am Nuknuk.\\nI bought the following products: Wilton Cake Leveler, Opsales Polarized Black Metal Clip On Flip Up Grey / Gra, Western Digital WD My Passport for Mac 1TB Portable External Har, HomeFlav Flip Top Airtight Coffee Bean Canister, Logitech Turnaround Case with Rotating Frame and.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Sculpting & Modeling Tools, Sunglasses, External Hard Drives, Storage & Organization, Cases.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Make your cake top perfectly level for precise decorating- just place adjustable wire in notches to, Size is  52 x 36mm Color is  Gray, Capacity is  2 TB, Airtight lock Dimensions is height 6   diameter 5  Store up to 1 pound of coffee beans, Style is  iPad Air 2.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: It is like a metal clothes' hanger with a steel wire shaped like a bow. My wife and I used this and were just half successful in cutting our cake. We have to be very careful as the crusty outside part of the cake crumbles. I tried slowly; I tried to swing it to and fro like a saw, still came up with a less than perfect cake.Both arms have notches (probably an eight of an inch apart) to adjust for the desired height. Even so, you can use this only on moderate height cakes, not much room for taller cakes. It is not a blade; it is just a piece of steel wire not much different from what you see on a guitar string.A bread knife will do better if only you can do it with a guide to make sure the top is completely parallel to the base.",\
        "output": "Based on your comment about the challenges you faced while cutting the cake, the Cuisinart Electric Knife can be a great addition to your kitchen tools. Its electric-powered blades provide a consistent and controlled cutting motion, ensuring clean and precise slices. Unlike the wire cake leveler you used previously, this knife offers more stability and control over the cutting process. "\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Give me some advice what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation.",\
        "input": "I bought the following products: Wilton 2105, Dritz Bra, Eggies Hard Boiled Egg System, Jack&Chris Jack;Chris Men's Laptop Bag Messenger Should, Bessmate Power Strip.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Bakeware, Bra Extenders, Cookware, Bags Cases & Sleeves, Surge Protectors.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: 9 1/4 X 5 1/4 Inch Large Loaf Pan Large Loaf, Size is  3 Wide, Just crack boil and twist No more messy peeling Season eggs before cooking Includes is 6 Eggies Bonus egg white separator, Color is  Red Brown, Color is  12outlets.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I'm still debating on whether or not washing the 4 individual pieces of EACH Eggie is worth it.  And, I'm still wondering how to get the right amount of oil on the inside of each Eggie before putting the egg into it.  They are NOT non-stick (and never said they were).  They do cook up well... and I'm going to try to do the sorta-omelet  things that are possible.  After trying them- I could live without them, easily.  :)",\
        "output": "The Philips Air Fryer XXL would be a great addition to your collection because it offers a healthier alternative to traditional frying methods. You have purchased the Eggies Hard Boiled Egg System, which indicates that you appreciate convenient cooking solutions. The Philips Air Fryer XXL uses hot air to fry food with little to no oil, resulting in crispy and delicious dishes without the excess grease. Additionally, you bought the Wilton 2105, a bakeware item, suggesting that you enjoy baking. The Philips Air Fryer XXL can also be used for baking, allowing you to prepare a wide range of dishes such as cakes, muffins, and even homemade bread with a crispy crust. Furthermore, your comment on the Eggies Hard Boiled Egg System indicates that you value products that are easy to clean. The Philips Air Fryer XXL features a removable non-stick drawer and food basket, making it easy to clean up after use."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Considering the products I bought previously and recommend to me what I should buy.",\
        "input": "I am Doug Hibbard.\\nI bought the following products: ZWILLING J.A. Henckels Twin Signature 3, Winco Winware 10, Mercer Culinary M60010WHM Millennia Men's Cook J, Sabrent Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Adapter with S, Monoprice Certified Premium HDMI Cable.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Paring Knives, Coffee Cups & Mugs, Chef Jackets, DVI-HDMI Adapters, HDMI Cables.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Made in Germany Stamped Blade Friodur Ice Hardened 3-Rivit Handle with full tang Comfortable ergonomic handle shape, 10-Ounce capacity Made with polycarbonate 3 Snap-on lids included With handle Professional quality, Size is  Large Color is  White, Size is  3840x2160 @30Hz, Color is  Black Style is  Premium.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: Obviously, at this price point you're not expecting the fanciest of dredges. Which is good, because that's what you're getting: not the fanciest of dredges.Does it work? Yes. The lids snap-on tightly. By this, mine does not have the lid come popping off in the middle of shaking. This is good--if the lid didn't hold, it would be a trash product.The lids, though, are a beast to take off and to get snapped on tightly. I'm afraid that with wear and tear, they will loosen. And fail. Again, though, this is entry-level.",\
        "output": "Based on your previous purchases, it's clear that you appreciate the value of high-quality kitchen tools that deliver reliable performance. The OXO Good Grips Food Scale aligns perfectly with this preference. Its durable stainless steel construction ensures that it will withstand the rigors of your culinary adventures. In your comment about one of the products you bought, you mentioned that the lids were a bit challenging to take off and get snapped on tightly. With the OXO Good Grips Food Scale, you won't face such frustrations. Its user-friendly design and intuitive controls make it effortless to operate. The digital display provides clear and easy-to-read measurements, ensuring accuracy in your cooking and baking endeavors."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Given the products I bought and my comments below, recommend to me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation.",\
        "input": "I bought the following products: Custom Leathercraft var aPageStart ;, US Shelby Co GI P, Samsung WB150F Long Zoom Smart Camera, Fintie Case for Kindle Fire HD 7;.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: First off, I have nothing negative to say about any of the functions, or special features as they work exceptionally good. However, the photo clarity in ANY zoomed in shot is surely lacking.\\nI purchased this camera to take to Europe, which is where I'm using right now. Every zoomed in shot is blurry. I own a 14x zoom Canon that takes clear zoomed in shots with no issues, but it doesn't have WiFi capabilities, which is the primary reason I purchased this camera.\\nI can also say that I haven't had any issues with regular shots, but unfortunately the zoomed in ones are not as crisp, or more blurry than others.\\nIf Samsung could improve the quality of the images taken at the zoom level, I would certainly buy it, as all the features this camera has is very nice!\\nI can't rate this camera above 3 stars.",\
        "output": "As a global traveler, your camera plays a crucial role in capturing and preserving your travel memories. Your previous camera had impressive features, including WiFi capabilities, but you expressed disappointment with the clarity of zoomed-in shots. I understand how important it is for you to have sharp and detailed images, especially when capturing distant landmarks or close-up details during your travels. The Sony Cyber-shot DSC-RX100 VII addresses the concerns you had with your previous camera. Its advanced image sensor and lens technology deliver superior image quality, even when zoomed in. This means that you'll be able to capture the intricate details of architectural wonders, stunning landscapes, and vibrant street scenes with clarity and precision. "\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend to me what I should buy next.",\
        "input": "I am Evan Jacobs.\\nI bought the following products: KAHLA - PORCELAIN FOR THE SENSES Touch Five Senses Small Bowl 5, Mercer Culinary M60010WHM Millennia Men's Cook J, Logitech BLOK Protective Case for iPad Air 2, HP Pavilion 27xi 27.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Cereal Bowls, Chef Jackets, Cases, Monitors.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: 5.51 inches Hard porcelain Dishwasher-safe velvety turquoise Pro eco ecological, Size is  Large Color is  White, Color is  Black, Size is  25 Inch.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: My first impression upon setting up this monitor was how thin it was.  It's a sharp looking device with clean lines.  For such a large monitor, I'd really like to see a bit more resolution but with an HDMI input this could easily double as a small television.  Build quality is good and the monitor software seems pretty well designed.\\nPros:\\nBright, clear display\\nSuper-thin profile\\nLow cost\\nCons:\\nCould benefit from higher resolution\\nBuilt-in monitor stand only tips back so if your monitor is raised above your workspace you can't tilt it down at all",\
        "output": "Since you appreciate a bright and clear display with a thin profile, I believe you would enjoy the LG UltraFine 5K Display. The LG UltraFine 5K Display offers a stunning 5K resolution, providing an incredibly detailed and immersive viewing experience. Its high pixel density ensures that images and text appear incredibly sharp and lifelike. Furthermore, the monitor features an adjustable stand that allows you to tilt, pivot, and adjust the height according to your preference, providing ergonomic comfort during long hours of work or entertainment. So, my recommendation will solve your concern about the monitor stand only tipping back and not being able to tilt down."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me a product to buy based on the products I bought previously and my comments below.",\
        "input": "I am G. Robinson.\\nI bought the following products: Ergodyne ProFlex 1650 Economy Elastic Back Suppo, Spring Mill Home Products JarPop, CowboyStudio Set of Two 7 feet Photography Light, Monster GreenPower Digital PowerCenter MDP 800 8.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Accessories, Jar Openers, Booms & Stands, Surge Protectors.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Size is  Medium, World's Easiest Opener Pops the vacuum so lids spin free No twisting no strain Don't Twist It Pop It Dishwasher Safe, Style is  2X803, Size is  8-Outlet  Style is  Home Theater Surge Protector.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I have a bad back and this helps prevent back soreness and strain.  It can be worn over or under clothing and fits a 32\\" (and probably a 34\\") waist or smaller.  It is a big help with my posture when using a compute for long periods which is a problem for me.\\nIt provides a light support for the back but isn't in the same league as the leather or heavy support belts for construction or weight lifting (or cost or discomfort either).\\nCan be a little fussy to adjust and I find the suspenders to be a determent which is why it gets a 4 (even if you remove the suspenders it is fussy to adjust).",\
        "output": "You should buy Ergonomic Office Chair with Adjustable Lumbar Support. Because considering your need for back support during long hours of computer use and your previous purchase of the Ergodyne ProFlex Back Support, an Ergonomic Office Chair would be an ideal product for you. Unlike regular chairs, these chairs are designed to provide optimal comfort and support for the spine, promoting good posture and minimizing discomfort. The adjustable lumbar support can be tailored to your unique needs, providing targeted relief where you need it most. The chair is an investment not just in your comfort, but in your health, reducing the risk of developing chronic back problems. It's not as fussy to adjust as the belt you previously used, making it easier for daily use."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Given the products I bought previously below, recommend to me a new product to buy.",\
        "input": "I am Joyce S.\\nI bought the following products: Cuisinart DLC, JapanBargain S, ShapEager Shapewear Lycra, Fintie iPad 9.7 inch 2018 2017 / Air Case, iEGrow New iPad Keyboard Case.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: Other reviewers have told the story. This is not the one we are all looking for. I couldn't find the right one on the internet, maybe Amazon will make it available for us soon?",\
        "output": "My Product Recommendation for you is Cuisinart DFP-14BCNY 14-Cup Food Processor. Reason is that considering your previous purchase of a Cuisinart DLC accessory and your comment about not finding the right item, the Cuisinart DFP-14BCNY 14-Cup Food Processor could be what you're looking for. This food processor would complement the accessories you already own, providing you with a versatile tool for your kitchen. It's a highly rated appliance known for its efficiency and reliability, making it a valuable addition to your culinary endeavors."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Give me some advice what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation.",\
        "input": "I am Sean P. Logue \\"If you can't win, change the r....\\nI bought the following products: OXO Good Grips 6, NETGEAR 8, Xtratuf XTRATUF Finatic II Men\\u2019s Leather Deck Shoes, iEGrow ZH222C Battery Charger for 3.7 V/3.8 V Li.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Food Strainers, Switches, Shoes, Battery Chargers.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Fine mesh for straining Sturdy stainless steel double rod construction Broad soft handle Dishwasher safe, Size is  08 Port | Hidden Cables Style is  Plastic Unmanaged, Size is  10 Color is  Chocolate, Size is  2-Bay Color is  ZH221C.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: This is an absolutely perfect size.  It is not so big that you won't find a place to store it, but large enough to hold a bunch of angel hair pasta that would slip right out of the little holes in a traditional colander.  It also fits over the sink so that I can pour the pasta (or whatever I'm draining) right into it, water and all, and have the water drain into the sink.It doesn't say in the description, but this is a double weave strainer.  In other words, there are two layers of thin metal mesh to ensure even the smallest seeds and particles are caught in the net.It has a traditional soft black rubber Oxo handle, too.  This is important when using it over the sink as it keeps it from slipping around when the water hits it.Nice!",\
        "output": "Product Recommendation: Instant Pot Duo 7-in-1 Electric Pressure Cooker. Reason is that your appreciation for kitchen efficiency, as highlighted in your comment about the OXO Good Grips Strainer, leads me to recommend the Instant Pot Duo 7-in-1 Electric Pressure Cooker. This versatile kitchen appliance can replace seven commonly used kitchen devices: pressure cooker, slow cooker, rice cooker, steamer, saut\\u00e9 pan, yogurt maker, and warmer. Like your OXO strainer, it's designed with usability in mind, and can greatly simplify and speed up your cooking process. Plus, it comes with a variety of pre-set options for cooking different types of food, making it an easy-to-use, all-in-one solution for a wide range of meals. It's a game changer in the kitchen, and could well align with your appreciation for efficient and well-designed kitchen tools."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Give me advice on what to buy next with a reason for your recommendation.",\
        "input": "I bought the following products: American Weigh Scales H, Happy Man HM, Tripp Lite 1 Outlet Portable Surge Protector Pow, Nordic Ware Microwave 10.5 Inch Spatter Cover, Seagate 1TB Desktop SSHD SATA 6Gb/s 64MB Cache.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Luggage Scales, Wine Stoppers, Power Strips, Microwave Oven Parts & Accessories, Internal Hard Drives.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I ordered this little Paladone Happy Man Bottle Stopper, for my wife, as a little laugh for her bar.  Well, it was, it really made her laugh and blush and she said she would hang her rings on it instead.  Her rings are too small and I think she'll sit it on the bar where she stores her wine and mixes.  I'm sure when others see it, it will elicit some laughter and surely some comments of who, what and whys concerning this little guy and draw interest from others within sight.  We all can use a little laughter and funning occasionally. I'm expecting some philosophical ramblings as to who it is and will follow up by seeing this fella with his stopper pushing out like that, probing more conversation and jokes.  Funny!",\
        "output": "My recommendation for you is Sipski Silicone Wine Glass Holder for the Shower. Reason: CDP, your playful purchase of the Happy Man Wine Stopper and the enjoyment it brought to your wife and her bar guests hints at a fun-loving personality and an appreciation for novelty items. The Sipski Silicone Wine Glass Holder is a product that matches this fun, innovative spirit. It's a wine glass holder designed for the shower or bath, making it a unique conversation starter much like your Happy Man Bottle Stopper. It's a surprising and amusing gift that could add a touch of whimsy and luxury to any bathroom, while also being a practical solution for those who enjoy a glass of wine during a relaxing soak or shower."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Suggest to me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation.",\
        "input": "I am Mary Ann.\\nI bought the following products: Mastrad Silicone Slim Spatula, Bake Porter Large Baking Sheet, Verbatim Wireless Mini Travel Optical Mouse, Xtratuf XTRATUF Legacy Series 12\\" Neoprene Men's Fishing, Kinmac Bohemian Pattern Lightweight 13 inch Lapt.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Spatulas, Kitchen & Dining, Mice, Industrial & Construction, Sleeves.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Heat resistant to 600 F Non-porous won't stain Hygienic dishwasher safe Won't scratch cookware Good for scaping small cans, Professional quality non-stick bakeware PTFE/PFOA Free Made from carbon steel Hand wash recommended, Color is  Red, Size is  10 Color is  Copper/Tan/Camo, Color is  Rose Capacity is  15 inch-15.6 inch.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: This is a very nice spatula.  The handle is long enough to reach into deep bottles and cans.  It is all one piece, so there are no crevices to collect sticky things, and the head cannot clip off.  It is flexible enough to use with my Sunbeam Mixmaster mashing potatoes and mixing baked goods. A great addition to my gadgets.",\
        "output": "Product Recommendation: Instant Pot Duo Nova Pressure Cooker 7 in 1. Reason: Mary Ann, your recent purchases and your positive review about the Mastrad Silicone Slim Spatula suggest that you enjoy cooking and baking. Therefore, an Instant Pot Duo Nova Pressure Cooker 7 in 1 could be a wonderful addition to your kitchen. It's a multi-functional cooking device that can replace several appliances in your kitchen, acting as a pressure cooker, slow cooker, rice cooker, steamer, saut\\u00e9 pan, yogurt maker, and warmer. It's a gadget that complements your existing kitchen tools and enhances your cooking and baking experience with its versatility, speed, and convenience. "\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Given the products I bought and my comments below, recommend to me what I should buy next and explain why",\
        "input": "I am Dean Robinson.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I received a pair of Oliver Footwear 16\\" Safety Gum Boots in exchange for an honest review.\\nI wear a size 9 1/2 shoe and these boots fit very comfortably. They are as strong and as tough as they look. I own 5+ acres in the woods and do a lot of clear cutting and underbrush around nettles and these boots have proven to be very capable at protecting my feet and shins. They are a bit heavy but then, for this kind of protection and durability, I am not surprised. You won't want to run a marathon in these but if you want serious protection and want them to last for life, these ar for you.",\
        "output": "My product recommendation is that Husqvarna 24 Inch 460 Rancher Gas Chainsaw. Reason is that given your comments about the Honeywell Oliver Safety Boots and their use in clearing underbrush on your woodland property, I suggest considering the Husqvarna 460 Rancher Gas Chainsaw. This chainsaw is renowned for its durability and power, designed for demanding cutting tasks like those you're performing on your land. It offers excellent balance and high performance, which will make your work more efficient. Plus, its safety features are robust, complementing the protection your boots provide."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Given the products I bought and my comments below, recommend to me what I should buy next and explain why",\
        "input": "I am DLH.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I love toys, and this is one of my new favorites. I love Slacker, and used to listen to it all day long on my laptop while stuck my office. Now with the G2, I have access to millions of songs to take with me everywhere I go. Slacker is free, but you can also get a premium account which allows you even more flexibility to access exactly what songs you want to hear. With a regular account, you get access to any artist you like, but you can't request what songs you want to listen to. A regular account also subjects you to an occasional advertisement every hour, and limits the number of times you can skip a song per hour.\\nThe G2 is lightweight, has excellent sound, and I get at least 12 hours use between charges. If you're a music lover, then you need to have a Slacker account and a G2.",\
        "output": "It seems you appreciate high-quality, functional products that enhance your everyday experience, especially when it comes to music. You also value portability, usability, and practicality, and it seems you don't mind investing in technology that improves your lifestyle. Taking into account your enjoyment of music and appreciation for functional and premium products, I would recommend you consider buying the Bose QuietComfort 35 II Wireless Bluetooth Headphones. Here's why: These headphones come with advanced noise-cancellation technology, perfect for an immersive listening experience no matter where you are. Whether you're at your office, traveling, or simply relaxing at home, you can enjoy your favorite music without any disturbances. They also offer a long battery life, similar to your Slacker G2, providing up to 20 hours of wireless play time."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me a new product to buy",\
        "input": "I am Mimi.\\nI bought the following products: OXO Good Grips Apple Slicer, Admetior Kitchen Oven Large Dial Thermometer, JLAB JLab JBuds J5M Metal Earbuds Style Headphones w/, Ergodyne var aPageStart ;, JVC HAS160W Headphones.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: It's about time I bought this....everything I bake &#34;just ain't right.&#34;  The numbers may be a little small for me, but a magnifying glass should help.  Wish me luck with my next cake.",\
        "output": "Given your past purchases, it seems like you enjoy cooking/baking and listening to music. Based on your comment, it appears you value functional products that can help with your cooking endeavours, even though you sometimes struggle with small details like the numbers on the thermometer dial. Taking all these factors into account, I'd recommend you consider purchasing a Digital Kitchen Scale. Here's why: A Digital Kitchen Scale can help improve the accuracy of your measurements, particularly for baking where precision is key. It can assist you in getting your recipes 'just right'. Additionally, the digital display will be easier for you to read than the small numbers on the oven thermometer dial, eliminating the need for a magnifying glass."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Suggest me a new product to buy and explain the reason for your recommendation.",\
        "input": "I am Dennis &amp; Veronica.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: This knife has a comfortable handle and is lite.  It is very sharp, which is why the scabbard not staying on is such a problem for me, hence the 3 stars.  The sheath has a nub at the top, making you think that this is some sort of release for it but it actually doesn't do anything.  Found a bunch of these in my local Asian market the other day for a similar price as on here.  All versions were under $10 in the store.",\
        "output": "Product Recommendation: Benchmade Griptilian 551 Knife. Based on your previous purchases and comments, you have a preference for functional, high-quality products across a diverse range of categories, from technology to footwear to kitchenware. Your comment on the Happy Sales HSST knife suggests you value good design, particularly when it enhances safety and ease of use."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Generate a recommendation for me based on the products I bought and my comments below.",\
        "input": "I am Lisa Smith.\\nI bought the following products: Babiators Original Aviator Sunglasses, StarTech StarTech.com 2m Long White Apple 8, Electrolux Frigidaire Professional Stainless 7 Quart Slow C, Belkin YourType Bluetooth Wireless Keypad.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: Truth be told, I have a few slow cookers these days, and I actually use them all because they each have various strengths and weaknesses.This slow cooker looks pretty and makes some great ribs but since it does not run on a timer or anything you do have to have some semblance of the cooking time you're going for.It is huge, so if you're cooking for one it likely is not your best bet based on the fact that it really works best when at least halfway full.Other then that, I can't think of any complaints - it is definitely sleek looking and a great addition to any kitchen based on brand name and looks - but in terms of features you can do better.",\
        "output": "Product Recommendation is Instant Pot Duo Nova 7-in-1 Electric Pressure Cooker Based on your previous purchases and your feedback, it's clear you value aesthetics and functionality in your kitchen appliances, as indicated by your appreciation of the sleek design of your Electrolux slow cooker and your mention of its strengths and weaknesses. You also seem to cook for more than one person, given your comment on the large size of the slow cooker. Therefore, I recommend the Instant Pot Duo Nova 7-in-1 Electric Pressure Cooker."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend to me what I should buy next.",\
        "input": "I am Twinsboystwice.\\nI bought the following products: Sunbeam FPSBHS0302 250, HDE Case for iPad 2 3 4, Slive, Five Star Backpack.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Stand Mixers, Cases, Radios, Casual Daypacks.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: 250 watt motor 5 speeds heel rest design Chrome beaters and dough hooks Dual function Hand Mixer Stand Mixer 3-quart stainless steel bowl, Color is  Blue, Color is  Green, Color is  Dark Gray.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: This is a very interesting item. It comes with the self wind and 2 AAA battery options. The siren is loud, but not ear splitting. Radio works great, to my surprise.  It only took a few winds to get the light and radio going.  I like that it has a LED light. It is small, but does the trick.  It comes with a USB charger cable, that probably works with most cellphones, but does not work with my iPhone; you will need to use your own Lightning cable.  I was surprised at how small this is, about 3 inches by 5 inches and an inch thick. In my opinion, this is a good thing.  Easy enough to keep in your car or backpack.",\
        "output": "My recommendation for you is Anker PowerCore 10000 Portable Charger. Your previous purchases and review suggest that you appreciate practicality and multi-functionality. You've shown an interest in handy gadgets like the self-winding radio with an LED light, and you also mentioned the importance of size, being able to easily carry items in your backpack or car. You've noted, however, that the USB charger cable didn't fit your iPhone. Therefore, I recommend the Anker PowerCore 10000 Portable Charger. This portable charger is compact and light, making it ideal for on-the-go charging and easy to fit in your backpack or car. It's compatible with iPhone devices, ensuring that you won't face the same issue you had with your radio. Given your preference for utility and compactness, this portable charger could be a beneficial addition to your collection. "\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me a new product to buy",\
        "input": "I am Storm.\\nI bought the following products: Electrolux Frigidaire Professional Stainless 7 Quart Slow C, Honeywell Oliver 16\\" PVC Puncture, Honeywell Oliver 45 Series 8\\" Leather Composite Toe Waterp, Sabrent 4 Port Mini Portable USB 3.0 Hub, StarTech StarTech.com USB.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Slow Cookers, Shoes, Industrial & Construction Boots, Hubs, USB-to-VGA Adapters.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Large 7-quart Spacewise Design Easy-set cooking options Keep warm function Easy-view tempered glass lid Dishwasher safe ceramic pot, Size is  Size-10, Size is  10 Style is  Brown 6-Inch, Size is  4 Port USB Type A, Color is  White Style is  No Power Delivery.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: Pros:Have made several stew/chili type dishes - no problems. Good warm up, constant heat, no hot spots found. The crock itself is thick, well enameled, and substantial. The finish is a little prone to fingerprints, but not as bad as true stainless. Easy to clean up after. Little rubber feet on the bottom keep this cooker from sliding around.Cons:Very basic model at a higher-end price. There's no timer function or target temperature settings, however most slow cookers at this price usually have one or the other.Conclusion:So far, so good, with this Frigidaire.  It's slow cooker #4 in my household (they seem to collect) between a Crockpot and a Hamilton Beach. My previous slow cookers have stood the test of time - all of them 2-6yrs of age, so we'll have to see if this guy will fit in as well.",\
        "output": "My recommendation for you is Cuisinart MSC-800 Cook Central 4-in-1 Multi-Cooker. It seems that you value practicality and quality in your kitchen appliances, and you're not averse to paying a bit more for a high-quality product. You appreciate the consistency and ease of clean-up offered by your current slow cooker, but you also mentioned a desire for more advanced features like a timer or target temperature settings. Therefore, I recommend the Cuisinart MSC-800 Cook Central 4-in-1 Multi-Cooker."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Give me some advice about what to buy based on the products I bought and my comments below.",\
        "input": "I am Diana De Avila.\\nI bought the following products: M2cbridge M2CBridge 4pc 100% Bright Red Ceramic Canister S, JETech Case for iPad 2 3 4, XBOOM Mini Portable Capsule Speaker with Recharg, Nicely Neat Credit Card Holder.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Food Bins & Canisters, Cases, Portable Line-In Speakers, Card Cases.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: Don't judge a book by it's cover ... or a speaker by it's size.  Truly great things come in this tiny and portable package.\\nThe speaker collapses for storage in it's included bag.  The look of this little speaker is pretty cool ... like a little R2D2.  The resonator on the top does a fantastic job of throwing out a hearty bass sound with a little bit of thump.  This speaker, or a pair of them (they can be daisy-chained together) can be used with phones, tablets, iPods and laptops.  This little speaker is great for laptop use when doing presentations or something where volume and compact size are needed.  Surprisingly, at top volume there is very little distortion.\\nThis is an amazing little speaker and size certainly is deceiving.  Looks cool, sounds cool, is cool.\\n5 stars.",\
        "output": "Based on the products you've purchased and your review, it's clear that you appreciate quality, functionality, and portability. You seem to enjoy aesthetically pleasing design elements and have a particular liking for tech gadgets and home organization. Therefore, I would recommend the Anker Soundcore Flare Mini Bluetooth Speaker. It's portable like the XBOOM Mini Portable Capsule Speaker you previously purchased and adored for its compact size and sound quality. The Anker Soundcore Flare Mini Bluetooth Speaker also boasts powerful, 360\\u00b0 sound with enhanced bass, and an LED light show feature which would appeal to your appreciation of unique design elements, much like your fondness for the R2D2-like look of the XBOOM speaker."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Suggest me a product to buy.",\
        "input": "I bought the following products: OXO SteeL Can Opener, Church 540OR 346 Toilet Seat with Oil Rubbed Bro, Logitech Wireless Mouse M325 with Designed, PNY Elite Performance 16GB High Speed SDHC Class, Five Star Backpack.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I've used many can openers. OXO's SteeL is the best manual I've ever worked with. It locks onto lids without hassle and smoothly opens them with a minimum of effort. The rounder, ergonomic turning knob sets it apart from your standard fare of openers and it just seems much easier to turn. I've yet to find a can that it can't handle. It even goes through large 5 lb tomato cans from the value clubs with no fuss.Hand washing clean-up is as easy as it gets, and I prefer it to any electric that I've tried. The stainless steel finish is still holding up beautifully after over a year of nearly daily use. Our electric can opener resides in storage now. This is a good one folks!~ Kort",\
        "output": "It seems you value practicality, durability, and quality in your products. You seem to be technology-friendly, organized, and appreciates a well-designed product that simplifies your life. Considering this, I recommend the AmazonBasics High-Back, Leather Executive, Swivel, Adjustable Office Desk Chair with Casters. From your review of the OXO SteeL Can Opener, you appreciate ergonomic design and durability, traits that are well represented in this chair. The high-back leather executive chair provides not only sleek, professional style, but also sophisticated support for all-day comfort. Its adjustable settings and swivel capability meet your preference for functionality, much like the Logitech Wireless Mouse."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Give me some advice about what to buy.",\
        "input": "I am RETSmile.\\nI bought the following products: LG Electronics 32LN530B 32, Xtratuf XTRATUF Sharkbyte Men\\u2019s Nubuck Leather Deck Shoe, Epson Home Cinema 730HD, Francois et Mimi 16 Piece Pure White High, Honeywell Oliver 45 Series 8\\" Leather Composite Toe Waterp.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: LED & LCD TVs, Loafers & Slip-Ons, Video Projectors, Dinnerware Sets, Industrial & Construction Boots.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: These boots are very nice looking and extremely supportive.  I put them on my dad and he likes them very much.  They are extremely supportive.  When you first get them, they are a bit stiff like all steel toe type work boots.  Just because it's a composite that is lighter doesn't mean it's ready for all day comfort like it says.  It's not. You still have to wear them in a bit.  However, it does have the protection, the lighter weight and the great look and you will end up with a great shoe that seems like it will last.  These are electrical rated and that is what they are being used for in my case - for electrical work.  These are being worn daily for work so I will update about longevity if there are issues.  I don't expect it with these.",\
        "output": "Given your previous purchases and review, it's clear that you appreciate quality, durability, and functionality in products. You also seem to prioritize comfort and safety, especially in work settings. Based on the wide variety of products you bought, from electronics to dinnerware to work boots, it seems you might be comfortable dealing with various aspects of home and work life. Based on this, I would recommend the Carhartt Men's Rain Defender Paxton Heavyweight Hooded Sweatshirt. Much like the Honeywell Oliver 45 Series boots you previously purchased and reviewed, Carhartt's Rain Defender Sweatshirt is durable, functional, and designed for heavy-duty use. It features a rain-repellent finish, perfect for work in various conditions. The heavyweight cotton blend helps maintain warmth, which parallels the comfort you sought in your footwear. "\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Suggest to me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation.",\
        "input": "I am M. Gerrish.\\nI bought the following products: Francois et Mimi Double Wall French Coffee Press, Gigastone GS, SanDisk 64GB Ultra SDXC UHS, Case Logic LARI115 15\\" Ruck Sack Backpack.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: French Presses, Micro SD Cards, SD Cards, Casual Daypacks.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Stainless Steel Holds 350mL or 12oz Dribble-proof spout Dishwasher Safe Double wall feature keeps liquids hot longer, Size is  64GB, Size is  64GB, Color is  Hudson.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: It's pretty to look at. It makes a lovely cuppa (I use it for loose leaf tea), and it's easy to clean. And so four stars.However. It's lightweight and doesn't keep your beverage hot for very long. Maybe long enough for enjoying a full pot during the Sunday newspaper (maybe including doing the crossword). But unless you're zippy, probably by the time you enter the last letter and pour the last cup, the tea/coffee won't be hot but just barely above lukewarm. Maybe.If you want a French press that doesn't include the possibility of broken glass and if the time your beverage remains hot actually matters, I recommend the Frieling (nearly $100) over this piece ($38). This, however, is excellent to include with your specialty serving pieces to prepare coffee with dessert at a dinner party.",\
        "output": "I would recommend you to buy the Frieling Stainless Steel French Press. This French press is a great choice if you want a durable and efficient coffee-making experience. Unlike the previous one you bought, the Frieling French Press is made of stainless steel, eliminating the risk of broken glass. It also has a double-wall feature that keeps your beverage hot for a longer period of time. With its larger price tag of nearly $100, it offers better heat retention and overall quality compared to the previous one you mentioned. Whether you enjoy a cup of coffee during your Sunday newspaper sessions or want to impress your guests at a dinner party, the Frieling French Press is an excellent addition to your coffee equipment."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Give me advice on what to buy next with a reason for your recommendation.",\
        "input": "I am Taha.\\nI bought the following products: ZWILLING J.A. Henckels Twin Signature 3, Winco Winware 10, Mercer Culinary M60010WHM Millennia Men's Cook J, Sabrent Mini DisplayPort to HDMI Adapter with S, Monoprice Certified Premium HDMI Cable.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: Obviously, at this price point you're not expecting the fanciest of dredges. Which is good, because that's what you're getting: not the fanciest of dredges.Does it work? Yes. The lids snap-on tightly. By this, mine does not have the lid come popping off in the middle of shaking. This is good--if the lid didn't hold, it would be a trash product.The lids, though, are a beast to take off and to get snapped on tightly. I'm afraid that with wear and tear, they will loosen. And fail. Again, though, this is entry-level.",\
        "output": "Based on your previous purchases and your comment about wanting a reliable product that performs well, the Cuisinart MCP-12N Multiclad Pro Stainless Steel 12-Piece Cookware Set fits your needs. It offers both functionality and durability that you want, making it a great addition to your kitchen."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me a new product to buy",\
        "input": "I am ibo.\\nI bought the following products: OXO Good Grips Apple Slicer, Admetior Kitchen Oven Large Dial Thermometer, JLAB JLab JBuds J5M Metal Earbuds Style Headphones w/, Ergodyne var aPageStart ;, JVC HAS160W Headphones.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Corers, Oven Thermometers, Headphones, Bandanas, Over-Ear Headphones.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Cores and slices fruit Sharp stainless steel blades make perfect slices Soft cushioned handles for comfort Dishwasher safe, Dial size is 2.1-inch Wide temperature range is 100-Degree F - 600-Degree F 18/0 Stainless steel housing Hanger and stand, Color is  Black Pearl Style is  earbuds, Color is  Navy Western, Color is  Blue.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: It's about time I bought this....everything I bake &#34;just ain't right.&#34;  The numbers may be a little small for me, but a magnifying glass should help.  Wish me luck with my next cake.",\
        "output": "I recommend the Hamilton Beach Electric Hand Mixer. This product will enhance your baking experience and help you achieve better results with your cakes. The hand mixer offers several speed options, allowing you to mix your ingredients thoroughly and create a smooth batter. Its compact design makes it easy to handle and store. The additional power boost function will come in handy when you encounter tougher mixtures. "\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Suggest me a product to buy.",\
        "input": "I am Tarik.\\nI bought the following products: PepperMate PepperMate&nbsp;Traditional&nbsp;Pepper&nbsp;Mil, Plugable USB 3.0 to VGA/DVI/HDMI Video Graphics, Panasonic Micro Home Audio Sound System SC, Mercer Culinary M60010WHM Millennia Men's Cook J.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Pepper Mills, USB-to-VGA Adapters, Stereo Shelf Systems, Chef Jackets.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: - Designed for efficient kitchen operation and elegant tabletop use - Sold individually - Color/Pattern is Black - Dimensions is 3L  1W  5H, Capacity is  HDMI with Audio 2560x1440, Style is  Prior Generation 2, Size is  Large Color is  White.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I was looking for a simple, yet stylish CD player (yes, some of us still play CDs) for the bedroom.  The Panasonic SC-HC38 is a winner on a number of fronts.  It's slim design (although 20 inches long) does not take up a huge foot print.  The sound is actually pretty good for a compact system. Much better than the Sony model it replaced.  Loading CDs is simple, as the central panel slides to the side to allow you to vertically mount the CD.  You can control this system with a simple remote, so you do not need to get out of a chair or bed.  There is an FM (no AM) tuner built in.  You can also charge/play our iPod, but for most flexibility, it can play music using Bluetooth connectivity.\\nThis is a great, versatile compact music system.  I purchased for less than $80, and it has performed very well.",\
        "output": "I recommend for you the Bose SoundLink Mini Bluetooth Speaker II. This portable speaker will enhance your music listening experience in various settings, whether it's in your bedroom or on the go. The Bose SoundLink Mini delivers impressive sound quality despite its compact size, providing rich and balanced audio. It has Bluetooth connectivity, allowing you to wirelessly stream music from your devices without any hassle. The sleek design and durable construction make it a stylish and long-lasting companion for your music needs. "\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Make a suggestion for me to buy a new product",\
        "input": "I am Ayse.\\nI bought the following products: EVS Sports GB BEANIE Sweat Beanie, KitchenAid Silicone Spoon Spatula, Granite Ware 0713, Mediabridge USB 2.0, Neewer 750II TTL Flash Speedlite with LCD Displa.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Skullies & Beanies, Spatulas, Kitchen & Dining, USB Cables, Shoe Mount Flashes.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Size is  One size fits most Color is  Black, Durable ergonomic handle Dishwasher safe, Made in USA 9-inch Diameter Designed for easier drainage Perfect for canning preparation Dishwasher safe, Capacity is  10 Feet, Style is  Flash.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: In general, this cable is a very good value and is serving me reasonably well as a USB extension for my iPad2, one that makes charging and syncing much more convenient. The construction quality of the cable itself is very good.\\nHowever, the connectors have been something of a problem for me. One connector was slightly misaligned and had to be bent back into shape when it arrived. This shouldn't be too much of a problem in the future unless I have to repeatedly connect and disconnect the cable, in which case I might need to keep correcting the alignment. The other connector fits a bit loosely into the USB port on my computer, and I occasionally have to jog it to get a proper connection.\\nIf these problems show themselves to be corrected with time, then I will upgrade my rating to four or five stars",\
        "output": "I recommend for you the Logitech MX Master 3 Wireless Mouse. Why? The Logitech MX Master 3 Wireless Mouse is a versatile and high-quality device that can enhance your productivity and comfort while using your computer. It offers advanced features such as customizable buttons, precise tracking, and a ergonomic design for long hours of use. Based on your interest in electronic accessories like USB cables and your mention of using a computer, it suggests that you likely spend a significant amount of time on your computer and value convenience and reliability. The Logitech MX Master 3 Wireless Mouse fits perfectly within this context, as it provides a seamless experience with its wireless connectivity and ergonomic design."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Suggest to me what I should buy next with a reason for your suggestion.",\
        "input": "I am Halime.\\nI bought the following products: Lodge 3 Quart Cast Iron Deep Skillet with Lid. C, Verbatim 95358 25 GB 2x Blu, Manfrotto MTPIXI, DAITET RFID Blocking Sleeves.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: All Pans, Blank Media, Tabletop & Travel Tripods, Wallets.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: WOW! What a wonderful skillet. I was going to buy a FryDaddy or some such appliance, but I researched the best way to fry chicken, and  every opinion pointed to cast iron. My mom fried french fries in one when I was a kid and we also used it for real popcorn back in the day. So I made my first batch of gluten-free fried chicken for my Celiac husband and we were both thrilled with it. It arrived perfectly seasoned which is a big plus for a newbie. It was easier to clean, dry and oil for storage than it sounded from the reviews. My husband is excited about it because he's the main chef in our house. I once had an electronic fryer, used it a couple of times, and then it must have gotten donated. In contrast, this skillet will serve multiple purposes for many years to come!",\
        "output": "I recommend the Instant Pot Duo Nova 7-in-1 Electric Pressure Cooker. Why? The Instant Pot Duo Nova is a versatile kitchen appliance that offers multiple functions in one device, making it perfect for someone like you who appreciates practicality and efficiency in cooking. Your purchase of the Lodge 3 Quart Cast Iron Deep Skillet with Lid indicates that you enjoy cooking and appreciate the benefits of using high-quality cookware. The Instant Pot Duo Nova complements this interest by providing you with a convenient and efficient way to prepare a variety of dishes. With its pressure cooking function, you can save time and energy while still achieving flavorful and tender results.Additionally, your positive comment about the cast iron skillet and how it serves multiple purposes aligns well with the versatility of the Instant Pot Duo Nova. Furthermore, your mention of your husband being the main chef in your household suggests that convenience and ease of use are essential factors in your cooking appliances. The Instant Pot Duo Nova features user-friendly controls and pre-programmed settings, allowing you to cook a variety of dishes with just a push of a button."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next.",\
        "input": "I am Adem.\\nI bought the following products: Your Cable Store 6 Foot Black USB 2.0 High Speed, Fred & Friends ABOMINABLE ICE Silicone Ice Tray, Symphonized GLXY Premium Genuine Wood In, Kydara Alarm Clock.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I've had this in my cart for quite awhile and finally decided to buy them. They are just what they look like, a rubberized tray with 9 slots for ice cube Easter Island Moai. And for whatever reason, they are just so appealing. They fill easily but since they are rubber, it is easy to spill as you transfer to the freezer - maybe putting it flat on a tray and then sliding it off would work better.\\nThe ice cubes pop out easily and have a ton of clear detail. I'm sure there are so many cool things you can do with them (I'm inspired by the customer pictures!) and I will begin experimenting.\\nReally cool cubes at a reasonable price.",\
        "output": "I recommend you to buy the Stainless Steel Cocktail Shaker Set. This set includes a cocktail shaker, a jigger, and a strainer, perfect for mixing your favorite drinks. The shaker set complements your interest in unique and appealing items, as seen in your excitement about the ice cube tray. With this cocktail shaker set, you can experiment and create delicious drinks, just like you mentioned being inspired by customer pictures. "\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend to me what I should buy next and explain why.",\
        "input": "I am Serr.\\nI bought the following products: Belkin 6, OXO Oxo SteeL Kitchen Tool and Utensil Rack, Opsales Polarized Bronze Metal Clip On Flip Up Brown Sun, Opsales Polarized Bronze Metal Clip On Flip Up Brown Sun, Hamilton Beach 2, AUKEY USB Hub 3.0.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Surge Protectors, Utensil Organizers, Sunglasses, Sunglasses, Toasters, Hubs.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Size is  8 Feet Style is  Standard, Convenient storage for OXO SteeL OXO GOOD GRIPS or other tools Holds six tools Easy to install with included hardware, Size is  64 x 56mm Color is  Gray, Size is  50 x 35mm Color is  Gray, Smudgeproof brushed finish Versatile functions-cancel bagel and defrost buttons Cool touch exterior Auto shutoff Extra-wide slots, Color is  Silver.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: Perfect for me.  Have two now.  One for my entertainment center, and another used for my Apple MacMini computer, and so far very pleased with them.  Used to have a UPS, but now days this product will do me just fine.  Portable, easy set up to boot.\\nEdit:  Three (3) years old now, and time for another.  Live in Florida with lightning strikes a plenty.  Still seems to work with my entertainment center but concerned that some spikes may still get through.",\
        "output": "I recommend you buying the APC Surge Protector Power Strip. Living in an area prone to lightning strikes and expressing concerns about power surges, this surge protector will provide essential protection for your electronic devices. The APC Surge Protector Power Strip offers reliable surge suppression and safeguards your equipment from damaging power fluctuations. With its 8-foot cord, it provides flexibility for placement near your entertainment center or computer setup."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Given the products I bought previously below, recommend to me a new product to buy and provide a reason.",\
        "input": "I am Fred .\\nI bought the following products: Happy Sales HSKS5/B, Happy Sales 5 Piece Crane Chopstick Set with Res, Logitech Turnaround Case with Rotating Frame and, Case Logic LARI114 14; RollTop Backpack, Case Logic LARI115 15\\" Ruck Sack Backpack.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I really like this backpack!  I love that I can pop my iPad and Kindle in it and it's nicely protected. The back pack I received is a khaki color but I actually like the khaki color much better than the blue one. I like the straps, too!  Another reviewer mentioned the closures and I will watch them, too, in case they break too quickly.  It does sort of sit high on my back but most of the time I will just toss this in the car and carry it by the straps...or rather one strap.  I think you can spot clean this but I always spray Scotchguard on things like this.  I think this will be a fun bag to carry for short trips or even longer trips as a second bag...I can easily stuff a sweater or scarf inside...perhaps even some extra clothes.  I really like this bag!",\
        "output": "You can buy the AmazonBasics Classic School Backpack. This backpack is durable and functional, perfect for your everyday needs. It has a spacious main compartment that can comfortably fit your iPad, Kindle, and other essentials. The khaki color of the backpack aligns with your preference, as mentioned in your comment. The adjustable straps provide added comfort, and the bag's design allows for easy carrying by the straps or one strap, just like you prefer. Additionally, the bag is versatile, suitable for both short and long trips, and offers enough space for additional items like a sweater or scarf."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Make a suggestion for me to buy a new product based on the products I bought and my comments below.",\
        "input": "I am Enes.\\nI bought the following products: American Weigh Scales H, Happy Man HM, Tripp Lite 1 Outlet Portable Surge Protector Pow, Nordic Ware Microwave 10.5 Inch Spatter Cover, Seagate 1TB Desktop SSHD SATA 6Gb/s 64MB Cache.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Luggage Scales, Wine Stoppers, Power Strips, Microwave Oven Parts & Accessories, Internal Hard Drives.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Color is  Black, Novelty Bottle Stopper, Style is  1 Outlet Direct Plug-in, Prevent spattering while you cook Fits standard dinner plates Keeps food hot until served Top rack dishwasher safe Made in the USA, Capacity is  2TB.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I ordered this little Paladone Happy Man Bottle Stopper, for my wife, as a little laugh for her bar.  Well, it was, it really made her laugh and blush and she said she would hang her rings on it instead.  Her rings are too small and I think she'll sit it on the bar where she stores her wine and mixes.  I'm sure when others see it, it will elicit some laughter and surely some comments of who, what and whys concerning this little guy and draw interest from others within sight.  We all can use a little laughter and funning occasionally. I'm expecting some philosophical ramblings as to who it is and will follow up by seeing this fella with his stopper pushing out like that, probing more conversation and jokes.  Funny!",\
        "output": "Based on your previous purchases and comments, I recommend you buy the Paladone Happy Man Bottle Opener. This novelty bottle opener will add a touch of fun and laughter to your wife's bar, just like the Happy Man Bottle Stopper did. Not only will it serve its practical purpose of opening bottles, but it will also spark conversations and bring joy to your social gatherings. Its unique design and humorous appearance will elicit laughter and curiosity from others, creating an entertaining atmosphere. "\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Considering the products I bought and my comments below, recommend me what I should buy next.",\
        "input": "I am Supi.\\nI bought the following products: CreativeWare Insulated Tumblers with Lids, Grandma's Secret Jewelry Cleaner, The Friendly Swede Replaceable Micro, Aurum Cables Male to 3.5mm Universal 24K Go.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Glassware & Drinkware, Cleaning & Care, Styluses, Audio Cables.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: These tumblers are very well put together and come with lids that been sipped or used with a straw. They are good for hot and cold beverages and are dishwasher safe. I wish they came in colors as well as clear.",\
        "output": "I recommend you consider buying the Hydro Flask Insulated Water Bottle. This product falls under the category of Drinkware and has several features that align with your preferences. The Hydro Flask Insulated Water Bottle is known for its excellent insulation, keeping your beverages hot or cold for extended periods. It also comes with a convenient lid for sipping or using with a straw, similar to the tumblers you enjoyed. Furthermore, this water bottle is dishwasher safe, just like the tumblers you mentioned. While the Hydro Flask Insulated Water Bottle is available in various colors, allowing you to add some vibrancy to your collection, it still maintains the durability and quality you appreciate in your previous purchases. "\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Provide me some advice about what to buy next",\
        "input": "I am Joyce.\\nI bought the following products: Cuisinart DLC, JapanBargain S, ShapEager Shapewear Lycra, Fintie iPad 9.7 inch 2018 2017 / Air Case, iEGrow New iPad Keyboard Case.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Small Appliance Parts & Accessories, Mixing Bowls, Bodysuits, Cases, Keyboard Cases.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Fits Cuisinart food processor models DFP-14 and DLC-7SFP, Material is Natural bamboo Dimension is 9.5 inch square This sushi mat makes sushi rolls, Size is  XXL, Color is  Marble, Size is  for iPad Air Color is  silver.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: Other reviewers have told the story. This is not the one we are all looking for. I couldn't find the right one on the internet, maybe Amazon will make it available for us soon?",\
        "output": "the Instant Pot Duo Crisp Pressure Cooker with Air Fryer is perfect match for you. The Instant Pot Duo Crisp offers a combination of pressure cooking and air frying capabilities, allowing you to cook a wide variety of dishes with ease. With its multiple functionalities, it serves as a versatile kitchen appliance that can handle various cooking needs. Given your purchase of small appliance parts and accessories, it seems you enjoy exploring new cooking techniques and enhancing your culinary skills. The Instant Pot Duo Crisp provides you with the opportunity to experiment with pressure cooking and air frying, which can lead to delicious and healthier meals. Additionally, your comment suggests that you were looking for a specific product that may not have been available at the time. The Instant Pot Duo Crisp is a popular and widely available option, ensuring you can find the product you need without any hassle."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Suggest me a new product to buy.",\
        "input": "I am J. Johnson.\\nI bought the following products: Wilton 2105, Dritz Bra, Eggies Hard Boiled Egg System, Jack&Chris Jack;Chris Men's Laptop Bag Messenger Should, Bessmate Power Strip.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Bakeware, Bra Extenders, Cookware, Bags Cases & Sleeves, Surge Protectors. \\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I'm still debating on whether or not washing the 4 individual pieces of EACH Eggie is worth it.  And, I'm still wondering how to get the right amount of oil on the inside of each Eggie before putting the egg into it.  They are NOT non-stick (and never said they were).  They do cook up well... and I'm going to try to do the sorta-omelet  things that are possible.  After trying them- I could live without them, easily.  :)",\
        "output": "I recommend you consider purchasing a NutriBullet Pro Blender. With the NutriBullet Pro Blender, you can expand your culinary skills and create delicious and nutritious smoothies, soups, and sauces. Its powerful motor and stainless steel blades ensure smooth blending every time. The NutriBullet Pro Blender will make your meal preparation easier and more enjoyable. Based on your comment about the Eggies Hard Boiled Egg System, it seems that you appreciate convenience and functionality in your kitchen tools. The NutriBullet Pro Blender offers a similar combination of ease of use and versatility, allowing you to experiment with various ingredients and recipes effortlessly. Furthermore, the NutriBullet Pro Blender's compact design makes it suitable for both personal use and small gatherings, providing you with a convenient solution for your blending needs. "\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Given the products I bought previously below, recommend to me a new product to buy and provide a reason.",\
        "input": "I am Seyma.\\nI bought the following products: Bialetti Taste of Italy Pizza Chopper, AmazonBasics 14, IKEA Ikea Travel Size Bottles 8 Pack, Francois et Mimi Bamboo Multi, JOTO USB Car Charger 3 Ports.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: Great little USB Charger that allows you to charge up to three devices at one time, which is great for road trips when the outlets for charging our many mobile devices is very limited. Sometimes we've wanted to be able to plug in our GPS, a cell phone and a tablet while the kids also wanted to plug in their stuff so we're forced to make a choice whether to plug them in to keep the peace in the back seat, but then have no use of our mobile devices, or the ugly alternative? \\nJust plug it in to the appropriate outlet plug in your car and you're good to go. Charges quickly and efficiently and is small enough to throw in your bag or glove box.\\nNote that the company sent me a sample of this item for my personal use in hopes that I'd write a review, good or bad. This is my honest experience.",\
        "output": "Based on your previous purchases and comments, I recommend you consider purchasing the Anker PowerCore Portable Charger. The Anker PowerCore Portable Charger is a reliable and high-capacity power bank that will ensure your mobile devices never run out of battery, especially during road trips or when access to charging outlets is limited. With its compact and portable design, you can easily carry it in your bag or glove box. Based on your comment about the JOTO USB Car Charger, it's evident that you value the convenience of charging multiple devices simultaneously, especially during travel. The Anker PowerCore Portable Charger offers even more versatility by providing a power bank that can charge multiple devices on the go, regardless of the availability of charging outlets."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Provide me some advice about what to buy next",\
        "input": "I am Halit.\\nI bought the following products: EVS Sports BEANIE Sweat Beanie, KitchenAid Silicone Spoon Spatula, Granite Ware 0713, Mediabridge USB 2.0, Neewer 750II TTL Flash Speedlite with LCD Display.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: In general, this cable is a very good value and is serving me reasonably well as a USB extension for my iPad2, one that makes charging and syncing much more convenient. The construction quality of the cable itself is very good.\\nHowever, the connectors have been something of a problem for me. One connector was slightly misaligned and had to be bent back into shape when it arrived. This shouldn't be too much of a problem in the future unless I have to repeatedly connect and disconnect the cable, in which case I might need to keep correcting the alignment. The other connector fits a bit loosely into the USB port on my computer, and I occasionally have to jog it to get a proper connection.\\nIf these problems show themselves to be corrected with time, then I will upgrade my rating to four or five stars.",\
        "output": "I recommend you the Anker PowerLine+ USB-C to USB 3.0 Cable. This cable offers durable construction and high-speed charging and data transfer capabilities, addressing the connector issues you experienced before. It is designed with a reinforced connector and a braided nylon exterior for added durability. With its compatibility with USB-C devices like the iPad2 and reliable connection to your computer, it provides a convenient and reliable charging and syncing experience. "\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Suggest me a product to buy based on the products I bought previously and my comments below.",\
        "input": "I am Popo.\\nI bought the following products: Olde Thompson, Norpro Pie Topper Cutters Cookie Stamp, Plugable USB, Belkin Surge Protector with USB Port, Honeywell Oliver 16\\" PVC Puncture.\\n For one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I received a pair of Oliver Footwear 16\\" Safety Gum Boots in exchange for an honest review.\\nI wear a size 9 1/2 shoe and these boots fit very comfortably. They are as strong and as tough as they look. I own 5+ acres in the woods and do a lot of clear cutting and underbrush around nettles and these boots have proven to be very capable at protecting my feet and shins. They are a bit heavy but then, for this kind of protection and durability, I am not surprised. You won't want to run a marathon in these but if you want serious protection and want them to last for life, these ar for you.",\
        "output": "I recommend you the Carhartt Men's 6-Inch Waterproof Wedge Soft Toe Work Boot. These boots are designed to provide excellent protection and durability, perfect for your activities such as clear cutting and underbrush work. The waterproof feature ensures that your feet stay dry in various conditions, while the soft toe design offers comfort and flexibility during long hours of wear. With their sturdy construction, these boots are built to last, making them a great investment for long-term use."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Make a recommendation for me to buy a new product and explain why you are making this recommendation.",\
        "input": "I am Cepduraman.\\nI bought the following products: StarTech S, Francois et Mimi Soup Mug, Mercer Culinary M60200BK7X Millennia Men's Cook, Mercer Culinary M61012BK8X Genesis Men's Short S, Olympus Digital Voice Recorder WS.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I do not love electronics. They are a necessary evil for me to function in a contemporary world. I am also a songwriter. I get song ideas running through my head at the most insane moments and so often wish I had a recorder with me. I thought it would be pretty cool to have a recorder that I could carry in my purse and use with just a few buttons.\\nThis one is self-explanatory. I had it up and running in about 3 minutes by turning the power on and following the screen prompts. Perfect.\\nNothing complicated. Easy on. Easy off.\\nI recorded a short singing clip and was pretty impressed. The sound was clean and reasonably true for a cheap little hand held device.\\nThis little fella is going to have a pocket in my purse from now on.",\
        "output": "I recommend you buy the Sony ICD-PX470 Stereo Digital Voice Recorder. This voice recorder is a great choice for a songwriter like you who often gets song ideas running through your head. Here's why: Portable and Convenient: The Sony ICD-PX470 is compact and lightweight, making it easy to carry in your purse just like you mentioned. It will always be on hand whenever inspiration strikes, allowing you to capture your song ideas on the go. User-Friendly: Setting up and using the device is simple and hassle-free, as indicated by your positive experience with the previous voice recorder. The Sony ICD-PX470 offers a user-friendly interface and intuitive controls, ensuring a quick and easy recording process."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Considering the products I bought and my comments below, recommend me what I should buy next.",\
        "input": "I am Yusuf.\\nI bought the following products: Adcraft KS, IKEA Travel Size Bottles 8 Pack, Samsung EVO 64GB 48/MB/s Micro SDXC Memory Card, Liroyal Mini Aluminum Key Chain Carabiners, Yens 10B8DVD 8 Discs Storage CD DVD Case with Do, Kirkland Signature 587346 Parchment.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Paintings, Travel Accessories, Computer Accessories & Peripherals, Keyrings & Keychains, DVD Cases, Parchment.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: 1 Per Case, Size is  Set of 12, Capacity is  64 GB Style is  EVO, Color is  various, Size is  Black 8 Discs, Used as a liner for baking is an easy way to bake cook and prepare food with almost no clean up Non stick parchment paper.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I needed something better than the cheap hard plastic that came on my pet disposal bags.  The plastic kept breaking and I'd lose the bags and containers, which was both expensive and annoying.  These work great.  I also used them to attach mini flashlights to my purse, dog leash and pet's collar. I noticed that my brother, unknown to me, had purchased some, too.  He also finds lots of uses for them.  My only wish is that they came in different sizes.",\
        "output": "Based on the information you provided, I recommend you buy a set of Liroyal Mini Aluminum Key Chain Carabiners. These key chain carabiners can serve multiple purposes and cater to your needs as a handicapped shopper. Firstly, they are durable and can provide a better alternative to the cheap hard plastic that came with your pet disposal bags. You mentioned that the plastic kept breaking, resulting in lost bags and containers. These carabiners can securely attach the bags to your purse, dog leash, or pet's collar, ensuring you don't lose them. Additionally, you mentioned that you used them to attach mini flashlights to various items. Furthermore, you mentioned that you wished they came in different sizes. While the specific product you bought may not have different sizes, key chain carabiners are generally available in various sizes, allowing you to choose the ones that best suit your requirements."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Give me advice on what to buy next with a reason for your recommendation.",\
        "input": "I am Waikiki.\\nI bought the following products: Nordic Ware Microwave Omelet Pan, Linksys WRT54GL Wi, Opsales Polarized Bronze Metal Clip On Flip Up Brown Sun, Norpro 349 Cheese Slicer, Sony MDRRF985RK Wireless RF Headphone.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Kitchen & Dining, Routers, Sunglasses, Cheese Slicers, Over-Ear Headphones.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: My TV Ears broke as they tend to do and I found the price to replace was much higher than the price I paid for mine.  But I decided to get them anyway.  I bought them from Costco so called to see if they were in stock and was told \\"no\\".  But I got the right guy as he said there is a better, cheaper way and he told me about the Sony wireless.  He said he had them himself so could vouch for them..and for 69 bucks..way less than TV Ears.  I bought them....easy install and found I could install for stereo where TV ears was only mono.  So I won all around.  A winner!",\
        "output": "I recommend the Opsales Polarized Bronze Metal Clip On Flip Up Brown Sunglasses. These sunglasses would be a great addition to your collection for several reasons. Firstly, you mentioned that you were pleased with the price and quality of the Sony wireless headphones you purchased. The Opsales Polarized Bronze Metal Clip On Flip Up Brown Sunglasses offer a similar value proposition. Additionally, you wrote about the helpful recommendation you received from the Costco representative who vouched for the Sony wireless headphones. Similarly, I believe these sunglasses would be a reliable and worthy purchase. They are polarized, offering protection from harmful UV rays and reducing glare, which is particularly beneficial when spending time outdoors. Furthermore, the clip-on flip-up design of these sunglasses allows you to conveniently attach them to your existing eyeglasses, providing versatility and saving you the hassle of carrying multiple pairs of sunglasses."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Make a recommendation for me to buy a new product and explain why you are making this recommendation.",\
        "input": "I am Mary.\\nI bought the following products: Mastrad Silicone Slim Spatula, Bake Porter Large Baking Sheet, Verbatim Wireless Mini Travel Optical Mouse, Xtratuf XTRATUF Legacy Series 12\\" Neoprene Men's Fishing, Kinmac Bohemian Pattern Lightweight 13 inch Lapt.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Spatulas, Kitchen & Dining, Mice, Industrial & Construction, Sleeves.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Heat resistant to 600 F Non-porous won't stain Hygienic dishwasher safe Won't scratch cookware Good for scaping small cans, Professional quality non-stick bakeware PTFE/PFOA Free Made from carbon steel Hand wash recommended, Color is  Red, Size is  10 Color is  Copper, Color is  Rose Capacity is  15 inch-15.6 inch.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: This is a very nice spatula.  The handle is long enough to reach into deep bottles and cans.  It is all one piece, so there are no crevices to collect sticky things, and the head cannot clip off.  It is flexible enough to use with my Sunbeam Mixmaster mashing potatoes and mixing baked goods. A great addition to my gadgets.",\
        "output": "Based on your previous purchases and comments, I recommend you to buy the Cuisinart HM-90S Power Advantage Plus 9-Speed Handheld Mixer. This product falls under the Kitchen & Dining category, just like some of your previous purchases. The Cuisinart HM-90S Power Advantage Plus 9-Speed Handheld Mixer offers several features that align with your preferences. It has a powerful motor and multiple speed options, allowing you to easily mix and mash various ingredients, just like you mentioned in your comment about the spatula. The long handle of the mixer enables you to reach into deep bowls and containers, similar to what you liked about your previous spatula. Additionally, this mixer is designed to be easy to clean, ensuring that there are no crevices for sticky substances to collect."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation.",\
        "input": "I am Buffy.\\nI bought the following products: SCI Scandicrafts Ceramic Measuring Spoons, Verbatim DVD+R DL 8.5GB 8X Surface, Symphonized NRG Premium Genuine Wood in, instecho Digital Luggage Scale.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I enjoy these spoons because they have lots of style, they're attractive and unique. Since they can break, I use them carefully.",\
        "output": "I recommend for you to buy the Bose QuietComfort II Wireless Noise-Canceling Headphones. This product falls under the Earbud Headphones category, similar to your previous purchase of Symphonized NRG Premium Genuine Wood in-ear headphones. The Bose QuietComfort 35 II headphones offer exceptional noise-canceling capabilities, allowing you to immerse yourself in your favorite music or podcasts while blocking out unwanted background noise. Based on your comment about enjoying the style and uniqueness of the spoons, it suggests that you value aesthetics and appreciate products that stand out. The Bose QuietComfort 35 II headphones have a sleek and modern design, and they are available in various colors, including black, which aligns with your preference. Additionally, your mention of using the spoons carefully indicates that you value the longevity and durability of your purchases. The Bose QuietComfort 35 headphones are renowned for their high-quality build and materials, ensuring they withstand regular use and last for a long time."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Suggest me a new product to buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation.",\
        "input": "I am Kusti.\\nI bought the following products: Belkin 6, OXO Oxo SteeL Kitchen Tool and Utensil Rack, Opsales Polarized Bronze Metal Clip On Flip Up Brown Sun, Opsales Polarized Bronze Metal Clip On Flip Up Brown Sun, Hamilton Beach 2, AUKEY USB Hub 3.0.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Surge Protectors, Utensil Organizers, Sunglasses, Sunglasses, Toasters, Hubs.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote the following comment: Perfect for me.  Have two now.  One for my entertainment center, and another used for my Apple MacMini computer, and so far very pleased with them.  Used to have a UPS, but now days this product will do me just fine.  Portable, easy set up to boot.\\nEdit:  Three (3) years old now, and time for another.  Live in Florida with lightning strikes a plenty.  Still seems to work with my entertainment center but concerned that some spikes may still get through.",\
        "output": "I recommend you the APC Back-UPS Pro UPS Battery Backup & Surge Protector. This product falls under the Surge Protectors category, similar to your previous purchase of the Belkin 6 surge protector. The APC Back-UPS Pro offers reliable battery backup and surge protection for your electronic devices. Based on your comment about living in an area with frequent lightning strikes and your concern about protecting your entertainment center, it seems that you prioritize the safety of your electronics from power fluctuations and surges. This UPS battery backup provides ample power capacity to keep your devices running during power outages and safeguards them against harmful voltage spikes."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Make a recommendation for me to buy a new product and explain why you are making this recommendation.",\
        "input": "I am Diana De Avila.\\nI bought the following products: Bright Red Ceramic Canister, JETech Case for iPad, XBOOM Mini Portable Capsule Speaker with Recharg, Nicely Neat Credit Card Holder.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Food Bins & Canisters, Cases, Portable Line-In Speakers, Card Cases.\\nThe speaker collapses for storage in it's included bag.  The look of this little speaker is pretty cool ... like a little R2D2.  The resonator on the top does a fantastic job of throwing out a hearty bass sound with a little bit of thump.  This speaker, or a pair of them (they can be daisy-chained together) can be used with phones, tablets, iPods and laptops.  This little speaker is great for laptop use when doing presentations or something where volume and compact size are needed.  Surprisingly, at top volume there is very little distortion.\\nThis is an amazing little speaker and size certainly is deceiving.  Looks cool, sounds cool, is cool.\\n5 stars.",\
        "output": "I recommend you the JBL Flip 5 Portable Waterproof Bluetooth Speaker. This product falls under the Portable Line-In Speakers category, similar to your previous purchase of the XBOOM Mini Portable Capsule Speaker. The JBL Flip 5 speaker offers a powerful and immersive sound experience in a compact and portable design. Based on your comment about being pleasantly surprised by the small size of the speaker and its ability to deliver impressive sound, it suggests that you value portability without compromising on audio quality. The JBL Flip 5 is designed to provide a rich bass sound and clear audio, ensuring an enjoyable listening experience wherever you go. Additionally, your mention of using the speaker for laptop presentations and the versatility of connecting it to phones, tablets, iPods, and laptops indicates that you appreciate a speaker that can adapt to various devices and scenarios. The JBL Flip 5 speaker features Bluetooth connectivity, allowing you to effortlessly connect it to your devices and enjoy wireless audio playback."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Given the products I bought and my comments below, recommend to me what I should buy next and explain why",\
        "input": "I am Evan Jacobs.\\nI bought the following products: PORCELAIN FOR THE SENSES Touch Five Senses Small Bowl 5, Mercer Culinary Millennia Men's Cook J, Logitech BLOK Protective Case for iPad Air 2, HP Pavilion.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Cereal Bowls, Chef Jackets, Cases, Monitors.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: 5.51 inches Hard porcelain Dishwasher-safe velvety turquoise Pro eco ecological, Size is  Large Color is  White, Color is  Black, Size is  25 Inch.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: My first impression upon setting up this monitor was how thin it was.  It's a sharp looking device with clean lines.  For such a large monitor, I'd really like to see a bit more resolution but with an HDMI input this could easily double as a small television.  Build quality is good and the monitor software seems pretty well designed.\\nPros:\\nBright, clear display\\nSuper-thin profile\\nLow cost\\nCons:\\nCould benefit from higher resolution\\nBuilt-in monitor stand only tips back so if your monitor is raised above your workspace you can't tilt it down at all",\
        "output": "I recommend you consider buying the Apple MacBook Pro. This product aligns with your interests and needs. The MacBook Pro offers a sleek design and high-resolution display, addressing your desire for a thin and sharp-looking device with improved resolution. Its versatility allows it to serve as both a powerful laptop and a multimedia device, similar to your comment about the monitor doubling as a small television. Additionally, the MacBook Pro is known for its excellent build quality and well-designed software. "\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend to me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your suggestion.",\
        "input": "I am Cilgin.\\nI bought the following products: West Bend 82306 Stir Crazy 6, Baby Cakes 5 Waffle Stick Maker, iMBAPrice iMBAPrice&reg; 15 Feet Black USB 2.0 Printer and, Unknown One Decade Auto Rosary For Rear View Mirror, TASIRO Best Handmade Bling Business Card H, AmazonBasics Portable Wireless Bluetooth Speaker.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Popcorn Poppers, Waffle Irons, USB Cables, Pendants, Business Card Cases, Portable Bluetooth Speakers.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I love the stir crazy popcorn maker. This is the second one I purchased. My last one was used to death. I recently discovered \\"coconut oil\\" and its a great way to pop corn with this popper. The flavor is awesome. I use a 1/2 c. of kernels and 1-2 T. oil. Makes a perfect batch every time. I bought many different poppers,  as I do not like microwave popcorn. I got a much more expensive one and although it looked cute, it only made a small amt. It was also a real pain to clean. This is a nice size bowl. Clean up is a breeze. So easy! Do not hesitate. Use coconut oil & flavacol and you will have \\"Movie theater style\\" popcorn.",\
        "output": "Looking at you previous purchases, I recommend you consider buying the Instant Pot Duo Plus. This versatile kitchen appliance aligns with your interest in cooking and trying out different recipes. The Instant Pot Duo Plus offers multiple functions, including pressure cooking, slow cooking, saut\\u00e9ing, and more, allowing you to expand your culinary skills. With its non-stick coating and easy-to-use design, cleaning up after cooking will be a breeze, similar to your positive comment about the popcorn maker's easy cleanup."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Find a product that I might like based on the products I bought and my comments below.",\
        "input": "I am Pejo.\\nI bought the following products: Sunbeam, HDE Case for iPad, Slive, Five Star Backpack.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Stand Mixers, Cases, Radios, Casual Daypacks.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: 250 watt motor 5 speeds heel rest design Chrome beaters and dough hooks Dual function Hand Mixer Stand Mixer 3-quart stainless steel bowl, Color is  Blue, Color is  Green, Color is  Dark Gray.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: This is a very interesting item. It comes with the self wind and 2 AAA battery options. The siren is loud, but not ear splitting. Radio works great, to my surprise.  It only took a few winds to get the light and radio going.  I like that it has a LED light. It is small, but does the trick.  It comes with a USB charger cable, that probably works with most cellphones, but does not work with my iPhone; you will need to use your own Lightning cable.  I was surprised at how small this is, about 3 inches by 5 inches and an inch thick. In my opinion, this is a good thing.  Easy enough to keep in your car or backpack.",\
        "output": "I recommend that you consider buying the Anker PowerCore 5000 Portable Charger. This portable charger is compact and convenient, just like the products you've previously purchased. It comes with a USB charger cable, making it easy to charge various devices on the go. The Anker PowerCore 5000 has a high capacity battery that provides multiple charges for your smartphone or other gadgets. Its small size allows for easy storage in your car or backpack, ensuring you have power whenever you need it. Considering your preference for practical and compact items, the Anker PowerCore 5000 Portable Charger would be a useful addition to your collection."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Considering the products I bought and my comments below, recommend me what I should buy next.",\
        "input": "I am Osman Gazi.\\nI bought the following products: Ivation  Digital Ultrasonic Cleaner, Logitech Multimedia Speakers Z150 with Stereo So, Honeywell Oliver 45 Series 8\\" Leather Composite Toe Waterp, Francois et Mimi Soup Mug, AmazonBasics USB Type.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: When these arrived, they looked just like the picture...not too much to look at, right?  I didn't have high hopes for the sound quality.\\nMy boyfriend offered to hook them up for me (he's not real tech-savvy, so this was a good test of the directions).  I was working in the house, and went to the garage, and he had music playing--it sounded awesome.  I asked what he was playing, and it was one of his ipods on these speakers!  The sound was really crisp and clear, and had surprising range.  They didn't get very loud, but that's okay.  He tested it on his computer and his ipods, and the music sounded great.\\nI was all set to be \\"meh\\" about these, but I have to say, they sound great for what they are.  I wish they were a little more snazzy looking, but aside from that, they're a great buy.",\
        "output": " You had better buy the JBL Flip 5 Portable Bluetooth Speaker. The JBL Flip 5 offers a compact and portable design, allowing you to take your music anywhere you go. You mentioned in your comment that you appreciated the crisp and clear sound quality with surprising range, and the JBL Flip 5 delivers just that. It provides immersive audio with powerful bass, making your music sound great. Furthermore, the JBL Flip 5 features Bluetooth connectivity, allowing you to wirelessly connect your devices and easily stream your favorite songs. Whether you're working in the house or enjoying some time outdoors, this speaker will enhance your music experience."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Make a suggestion for me to buy a new product.",\
        "input": "I am Rose.\\nI bought the following products: Honeywell Retail Sync Stereo Earmuff with MP3 Connectio, Tupperware Thatsa Bowl HUGE BIG BOWL MEGA , MQbix AeroFones Platinum High Performa, South Main Hardware.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Earmuffs, Storage & Organization, Earpads, Cable Ties.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Style is  Wireless, 42 Cup CAPACITY VIRTUALLY AIR TIGHT VIRTUALLY LIQUID SPILL PROOF SEAL Green Bowl with Parrot Green Seal, Color is  White, Color is  Natural Style is  100-Pack.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: received for a wedding gift 19 years ago and my dear husband and I were able to melt it in the oven between us. He had just cut up about 10 pounds of cubed lamb and put a marinade on it. He stuck it in the cold oven to keep the dog from bothering it and went out to take kids to school.I came in from the garden with some squash to roast and turned on the oven while I was cutting it up.When the smoke alarm sounded we realized that our wonderful bowl was finished. We took a picture.So.This one is very similar. It is shaped a little differently but seems to have the same basic construction. If it lasts as long as the first, we'll be empty nested and probably won't need anything that big.",\
        "output": "Based on your previous purchases and comments, I recommend you buy the Instant Pot Duo Nova Pressure Cooker. The Instant Pot Duo Nova Pressure Cooker is a versatile kitchen appliance that combines the functions of a pressure cooker, slow cooker, rice cooker, steamer, saut\\u00e9 pan, yogurt maker, and warmer all in one. It offers a convenient and efficient way to prepare a variety of meals with minimal effort. You mentioned in your comment about the longevity and usefulness of the Tupperware bowl you received as a wedding gift. The Instant Pot Duo Nova shares a similar attribute as a durable and reliable product that can stand the test of time. It is built to last and provides excellent performance in the kitchen. With the Instant Pot Duo Nova, you can easily cook a wide range of dishes, from stews and soups to roasts and desserts. Its pressure cooking feature reduces cooking time significantly, allowing you to enjoy flavorful and tender meals in a fraction of the time compared to traditional cooking methods."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend to me a new product to buy next and provide a reason for it.",\
        "input": "I am Alice.\\nI bought the following products: Fujifilm FinePix Waterproof Digital, Evriholder Products Sweet Bytes Crust Cutter, Medline MDT13WHT2E Ladies' Full Length Lab Coat, Honey-Can-Do Honey, Mercer Culinary Millennia Men's Cook J, Sony HTCT390 Ultra.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Point & Shoot Digital Cameras, Cookie Cutters, Lab Coats, Baking Cups, Chef Jackets, Speakers.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I am not a professional photographer. So all I am looking for is a quick, fun, point and shoot to take with me to the beach. My husband found this at Costco for a great price so we grabbed it and took it along to the beach.\\nIt was a great camera to have poolside, to capture silly shots of our kids, our pets and each other playing in the pool. My husband and daughter had a great time taking those \\"just plunged into the water\\" shots, although it took us about 5 minutes to get the timing right with the shutter.\\nIt never let us down as far as battery life, uploading photos to the computer, and ease of use. I will say that the viewing screen is useless in the sunshine, as we couldn't see if our shots were coming out or not.\\nBut all in all we are happy with our vacation photos!",\
        "output": "I recommend you buy the GoPro HERO9 Black Action Camera. The GoPro HERO9 Black is a versatile and high-performance action camera that is perfect for capturing your adventures, whether it's at the beach, in the pool, or anywhere else you want to document your experiences. You mentioned in your comment that you were looking for a quick and fun point-and-shoot camera to take with you to the beach. The GoPro HERO9 Black fits that description perfectly. It is designed for action-packed moments and offers excellent image quality and video capabilities. With its rugged and waterproof design, the GoPro HERO9 Black can handle various environments, including underwater shots and extreme outdoor activities. It will allow you to capture stunning photos and videos in any setting, even in challenging lighting conditions."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Suggest me what I should buy next.",\
        "input": "I am Hearn.\\nI bought the following products: Rubbermaid L3, StarTech StarTech.com 10 ft Certified DisplayPort 1.2 Cab, Honeywell Oliver 16\\" PVC Puncture, Belkin 6, ZIPIT Grillz Backpack for Kids.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Ice Cube Molds & Trays, DVI Cables, Shoes, HDMI Cables, Kids' Backpacks.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Rubbermaid #2879-RD-PERI 2PK Ice Cube Tray^RUBBERMAID INC, Style is  Standard, Size is  Size-10, Size is  6 Feet, Color is  Camo Grey Style is  Extra Side Pocket.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: This is certainly not a heavy-duty backpack, but it is a very reasonable duty backpack.  I have the Camo Gray backpack.  The teeth on the zipper pocket on the front are silver.  So when its unzipped, it looks almost like braces.  When its zipped, you cant see the teeth.  The pocket is not too deep, but certainly large enough for pencils, pens, and most phones.  The inside of this backpack is large and roomy.  Unfortunately there are no interior pockets.  There are what I would call water bottle pockets on each side.  The back is slightly padded, as are the shoulder straps.  A little more padding would have been nice.  I keep wondering if the hood, partially covering the back, is for anything.  Ive looked and looked, and I think its only as an accent to the backpack.  Made in China.",\
        "output": "I recommend you to buy Thermos Stainless Steel Water Bottle. It is a great addition to your daily essentials, and here's why: Given your purchase of the ZIPIT Grillz Backpack for Kids and your comment about the water bottle pockets on each side, it suggests that you value convenience and functionality. The Thermos Stainless Steel Water Bottle offers a solution for staying hydrated on the go. Its durable stainless steel construction ensures it can withstand daily use, and the size is perfect for carrying in your backpack's water bottle pockets. Additionally, your mention of the backpack's lack of interior pockets indicates that you appreciate well-organized storage. The Thermos Stainless Steel Water Bottle features a leak-proof lid and a built-in carrying loop, making it easy to take with you wherever you go. It's designed to keep your beverages hot or cold for extended periods, ensuring you can enjoy your preferred temperature of drinks throughout the day."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Generate a recommendation for me based on the products I bought and my comments below.",\
        "input": "I am John.\\nI bought the following products: Bonavita BV4000ID Porcelain Immersion Coffee Dri, Honeywell Oliver 45 Series 8\\" Leather Composite Toe Waterp, Seagate NAS 2, QualGear Universal Dual Shelf Wall Mount for A/V.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Coffee Machines, Industrial & Construction Boots, Network Attached Storage, TV Ceiling & Wall Mounts.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I love this product, but as a regular tea drinker, it's a long time to wait for coffee. After you wait to heat the water and pour it in, you wait two minutes for it to steep. Then stir, and then wait another minute.  By the time you open the switch to release the water into the cup, the coffee is lukewarm.  So of course next time I will make sure I boil the water fully!  Then, as a non-coffee drinker, I didn't know how much ground coffee to put in, and the directions were no help.  It says to put in 15g of coffee for 8oz of water......??? A tablespoon was too strong so again, I'll know for next time! I don't know what instant coffee tastes like so I cannot attest to flavor differences, but I will surely be using this product for any coffee making needs!",\
        "output": "I think you should buy the Breville One-Touch Tea Maker. This innovative tea maker will enhance your tea-drinking experience, and here's why: Considering your comment about being a regular tea drinker and your experience with the Bonavita Porcelain Immersion Coffee Dripper, it suggests that you have a preference for hot beverages and appreciate convenience. The Breville One-Touch Tea Maker is designed specifically for tea lovers, offering a hassle-free brewing process. With its one-touch operation, you can easily select your preferred tea type and desired strength, allowing you to enjoy a perfect cup of tea without the wait.You mentioned that the coffee dripper required waiting time for the water to heat, steeping, stirring, and additional waiting time, resulting in lukewarm coffee. The Breville One-Touch Tea Maker eliminates these concerns by automatically heating the water to the ideal temperature and steeping the tea for the optimal duration. It also features a keep-warm function, ensuring that your tea remains hot until you're ready to enjoy it. Furthermore, your comment about not knowing how much ground coffee to put in and the directions being unhelpful highlights the importance of precise measurements."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend to me a new product to buy with a reason.",\
        "input": "I am Recep.\\nI bought the following products: Winco Winware Stainless Steel Dredges 10, Francois et Mimi Double Wall Conical Top French, Honeywell Oliver 45 Series 8\\" Leather Composite Toe Waterp, Logitech FOCUS Flexible Any, ZAGG Slim Book Ultrathin Case.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Cooking Dredges, French Presses, Industrial & Construction Boots, Cases, Keyboard Cases.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: 10-Ounce capacity Seamless stainless steel design With handle Professional quality, Stainless Steel Holds 1000ml or 34oz Dribble-proof spout Dishwasher Safe Double wall feature keeps liquids hot longer, Size is 10 Style is Black 6-Inch, Color is  Black, Size is  iPad Mini 2 / 3.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: Oh so close to 5 stars, but not quite. My grandmother had a very similar shaker and when we were kids we would sprinkle powdered sugar on just about everything with it. Well, I decided to find a similar shaker so my kids could enjoy the same \\"snow storm\\" of sugar once in a while. (Hey kids, go easy on the sugar!). This looks and feels exactly like the one grandma used to have, with one small complaint. If you over tighten the lid, it will pop off, and if you under tighten the lid, it will pop off. You have to get it just right. Fortunately, it's not like you're opening and closing it that often. Open, fill, tighten, and you're off to the races. The powdered sugar races.For the price I'm happy with what I got, and the kids are going to love it.",\
        "output": "I recommend you buy the OXO Good Grips Sugar Dispenser. This dispenser will make sprinkling powdered sugar a breeze, and here's why: Considering your comment about wanting to recreate the nostalgic experience of sprinkling powdered sugar like your grandmother used to do, it suggests that you enjoy adding a touch of sweetness to your meals or treats. The OXO Good Grips Sugar Dispenser is designed to provide effortless and controlled dispensing of powdered sugar, allowing you to create that snowstorm effect for your kids (while keeping their sugar intake in check). You mentioned that your grandmother had a similar shaker, and you wanted to find one like it. The OXO Good Grips Sugar Dispenser resembles the classic shaker design, providing a nostalgic touch while offering modern functionality. Its seamless stainless steel construction ensures durability, and the 10-ounce capacity allows you to hold a sufficient amount of powdered sugar for various uses."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation.",\
        "input": "I am Roderic.\\nI bought the following products: Built E, Trudeau Garlic Press, AmazonBasics RJ45 Cat, Sabrent 2.5; Hard Disk Drive Mounting Kit.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: This is exactly what we were looking for, but it works even better than we had hoped and was cheaper than we had planned to spend. Needless to say, we are very happy customers. We use it to store our daughter's iPod touch (4th generation, the newest one). It has a case already, but this protects the screen when it is just sitting around the house or on road trips. Very well made product. I imagine it will last years even with frequent use by kids. It would easily hold any brand smart phone, iPod Touch, and many new digital cameras.",\
        "output": "I recommend for you to consider buying the Laptop Backpack. This backpack is a versatile and durable accessory that will cater to your needs. It features a spacious design with customizable interior compartments, allowing you to safely store your daughter's iPod Touch, smartphones, digital cameras, and even a laptop. The backpack is well-made and built to last, ensuring long-term use, especially with frequent handling by kids. Additionally, it offers excellent protection for your devices during road trips or while they're sitting around the house."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Provide me a new product to buy with a reason.",\
        "input": "I am Wick.\\nI bought the following products: Bialetti Taste of Italy Pizza Chopper, AmazonBasics 14, IKEA Ikea Travel Size Bottles 8 Pack, Francois et Mimi Bamboo Multi, JOTO USB Car Charger 3 Ports.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Pasta & Pizza Tools, Sleeves, Travel Accessories, Breakfast Trays, Chargers & Adapters.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: Great little USB Charger that allows you to charge up to three devices at one time, which is great for road trips when the outlets for charging our many mobile devices is very limited. Sometimes we've wanted to be able to plug in our GPS, a cell phone and a tablet while the kids also wanted to plug in their stuff so we're forced to make a choice whether to plug them in to keep the peace in the back seat, but then have no use of our mobile devices, or the ugly alternative? \\n Just plug it in to the appropriate outlet plug in your car and you're good to go. Charges quickly and efficiently and is small enough to throw in your bag or glove box.\\n Note that the company sent me a sample of this item for my personal use in hopes that I'd write a review, good or bad. This is my honest experience.",\
        "output": "For you, I recommend the Anker PowerCore 10000 Portable Charger. The Anker PowerCore 10000 is a compact and powerful portable charger that allows you to charge your devices on the go. With its high capacity of 10,000mAh, it can provide multiple charges for your mobile devices, including smartphones, tablets, and even laptops. Based on your comment about the limited outlets for charging during road trips, this portable charger would be perfect for you. It will ensure that you and your family can charge multiple devices simultaneously without having to make a difficult choice."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Given the products I bought previously below, recommend to me a new product to buy and provide a reason.",\
        "input": "I am Ispanak.\\nI bought the following products: Jaccard Simply Better Meat Tenderizer Knife 45 B, SE JT6221 16, Logitech Z623 400 Watt Home Speaker System, Kingston Technology HyperX Impact Black 16GB Kit 1866MHz D.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I like the stainless steel columns for the added stability over plastic, and the easy disassembly is nice for cleaning, but watch out when reassembling. Many of my blades were not aligned with the others and reassembly was impossible until I mucked around bending blades back into alignment. Even when aligned, assembly required patience and care. Even if you never disassemble it, it's still a very effective tenderizer, and it makes marinating more efficient. Using this tool is an effective way to make lower-end cuts as tender as the high-priced ones.",\
        "output": "I recommend for you to consider buying the Instant Pot Duo Electric Pressure Cooker. The Instant Pot Duo offers a versatile cooking experience with its 7-in-1 functionality, allowing you to pressure cook, saut\\u00e9, steam, slow cook, and more. It can significantly reduce cooking time while preserving the natural juices and flavors of your ingredients. This will build upon your interest in efficient cooking methods, as mentioned in your comment about the meat tenderizer. With the Instant Pot Duo, you'll have the convenience of preparing tender and delicious meals even with lower-end cuts of meat. It combines the benefits of a pressure cooker and a slow cooker, offering you a wide range of cooking options and the ability to experiment with different recipes. The stainless steel construction ensures durability and stability, similar to the quality you appreciated in the meat tenderizer."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Given my buying history and critiques, can you advocate a product from the candidate list and elucidate your rationale?",\
        "input": "I am John.\\nI bought the following products: Stanley Stainless Steel Flask, Fire Stick 4K, Mountain Hardware Down Jacket, The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck Book.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I really enjoy the flask, it's very sturdy and reliable for outdoor trips.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['REI Co-op Trail 40 Pack Men', 'Apple TV 4K', 'Greenland No.1 Down Jacket Fj\\u00e4llr\\u00e4ven', 'The Alchemist Book']",\
        "output": "I recommend for you to buy the REI Co-op Trail 40 Pack Men. You previously purchased the Stanley Stainless Steel Flask and noted its reliability for outdoor trips. The REI Co-op Trail 40 Pack is a well-regarded product for outdoor activities like hiking, camping, or even casual outings due to its high durability and functionality, aligning with your appreciation of sturdy and reliable products for outdoor trips."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Reflecting on my shopping history and remarks, could you nominate an item from the selection and provide an explanation?",\
        "input": "I am Amanda.\\nI bought the following products: Sephora Collection Cream Lip Stain, Revlon One-Step Hair Dryer, Fenty Beauty Pro Filt'r Foundation.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Fenty Beauty foundation gives me a flawless finish that lasts all day. I love how it feels light on my skin.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['Maybelline Fit Me Matte + Poreless Foundation', 'Dyson Supersonic Hair Dryer', 'Charlotte Tilbury Matte Revolution Lipstick']",\
        "output": "I recommend the Maybelline Fit Me Matte + Poreless Foundation. Given your satisfaction with the Fenty Beauty Pro Filt'r Foundation, it's clear that you value long-lasting and lightweight formulas. The Maybelline Fit Me Matte + Poreless Foundation is praised for its similar properties, offering a natural and seamless finish, while being suitable for various skin types and tones. Plus, it is a budget-friendly alternative to the Fenty foundation, offering good value for the price."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "With reference to the products I've picked up and my feedback, can you direct me to a product among the probable choices and explain why?",\
        "input": "I am Alex.\\nI bought the following products: Lego Star Wars Millennium Falcon, The Lord of The Rings Book Set, Dungeons and Dragons Starter Set.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Star Wars Millennium Falcon Lego set was a blast to build. I loved the intricate details.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['Harry Potter Book Set', 'Monopoly Classic Game', 'Lego Star Wars Death Star']",\
        "output": "I recommend for you to buy the Lego Star Wars Death Star. Given your previous enjoyment of the Star Wars Millennium Falcon Lego set, it seems you appreciate the complexity and intricate details of such products. The Lego Star Wars Death Star set is a more advanced model with even more details and it should provide a similar, if not more engaging, building experience."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Based on my purchase history and given comments, please propose a product from the available choices and provide your reasoning.",\
        "input": "I am Emily.\\nI bought the following products: Instant Pot Duo Nova, T-fal Nonstick Fry Pan, Chicago Cutlery Fusion Knife Set.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Instant Pot has changed my cooking game. It's so easy to use and clean.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['Cuisinart MultiClad Pro Stainless Steel 12-Piece Cookware Set', 'Le Creuset Signature Enameled Cast-Iron Dutch Oven', 'Oster Blender']",\
        "output": "I recommend for you to buy the Cuisinart MultiClad Pro Stainless Steel 12-Piece Cookware Set. Based on your previous purchase and comment about the Instant Pot Duo Nova, it seems you enjoy items that enhance your cooking experience and are easy to clean. The Cuisinart MultiClad Pro Stainless Steel 12-Piece Cookware Set is known for its durability, great performance in cooking, and ease of cleaning, making it a great addition to your kitchen."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Considering the items I've purchased and my reviews, please suggest a product from the potential list along with a justification.",\
        "input": "I am Martin.\\nI bought the following products: Kindle Paperwhite, Moleskine Classic Notebook, Pilot G2 Retractable Premium Gel Ink Roller Ball Pens.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Kindle Paperwhite is fantastic, I can read my books everywhere, and the e-ink display is a joy to the eyes.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['Kindle Oasis', 'Apple iPad Pro', 'Leuchtturm1917 Medium A5 Notebook']",\
        "output": "I recommend for you to buy the Kindle Oasis. Given your appreciation for the Kindle Paperwhite and its portability and e-ink display, the Kindle Oasis would be a natural upgrade. It offers an adjustable warm light to shift screen shade from white to amber, is waterproof, and has an ergonomic design which would further enhance your reading experience."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Given my buying history and critiques, can you advocate a product from the candidate list and elucidate your rationale?",\
        "input": "I am Martin.\\nI bought the following products: Kindle Paperwhite, Moleskine Classic Notebook, Pilot G2 Retractable Premium Gel Ink Roller Ball Pens.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Kindle Paperwhite is fantastic, I can read my books everywhere, and the e-ink display is a joy to the eyes.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['Kindle Oasis', 'Apple iPad Pro', 'Leuchtturm1917 Medium A5 Notebook']",\
        "output": "I recommend for you to buy the Kindle Oasis. Given your appreciation for the Kindle Paperwhite and its portability and e-ink display, the Kindle Oasis would be a natural upgrade. It offers an adjustable warm light to shift screen shade from white to amber, is waterproof, and has an ergonomic design which would further enhance your reading experience."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "In view of the goods I've acquired and my observations, might you recommend a product from the proposed range and share the rationale behind it?",\
        "input": "I am Stephanie.\\nI bought the following products: Nike Women's Running Shoe, Fitbit Charge 3 Fitness Activity Tracker, Lululemon High-Rise Tights.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I adore these Lululemon tights. They're super comfortable and breathable during my workouts.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['Adidas Women's Cloudfoam Pure Running Shoe', 'Apple Watch Series 7', 'Under Armour Women's HeatGear Armour Leggings']",\
        "output": "I recommend for you to buy the Under Armour Women's HeatGear Armour Leggings. Based on your feedback about the Lululemon High-Rise Tights, you prioritize comfort and breathability in your workout gear. The Under Armour leggings are known for their super-light HeatGear fabric that delivers superior coverage without weighing you down, and they have a similar high-rise cut as your previously loved Lululemon tights."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Given the products I bought and my comments, recommend me a product among the candidate set of items with a reason",\
        "input": "I am Michael.\\nI bought the following products: Weber Original Kettle Premium Charcoal Grill, Master the Grill: A Guide for Grilling, Grill Brush and Scraper.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The grill guide has been instrumental in making me a BBQ master.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['Pit Boss Classic Wood Fired Pellet Grill and Smoker', 'The MeatEater Fish and Game Cookbook', 'Blackstone Griddle Accessories Kit']",\
        "output": "Considering your fondness for grilling and your enthusiastic review of 'Master the Grill: A Guide for Grilling,' the 'Blackstone Griddle Accessories Kit' strikes me as an excellent recommendation. The toolset is designed to enhance your grilling experience and proficiency, complementing your existing grill and broadening the range of dishes you can create. It will certainly add a new dimension to your BBQ mastery."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "In light of the items I've previously chosen and my expressed opinions, can you recommend a suitable product from the contenders and justify your choice?",\
        "input": "I am Victoria.\\nI bought the following products: PetSafe Automatic Cat and Dog Feeder, Kong Classic Dog Toy, Majestic Pet Bagel Dog Bed.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The automatic feeder is a lifesaver! My dog always has food, even when I'm not home.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['Furbo Dog Camera: Treat Tossing, Full HD Wifi Pet Camera and 2-Way Audio', 'Outward Hound Hide-A-Squirrel Squeaky Puzzle Plush Dog Toy', 'AmazonBasics Dog and Puppy Leak-proof 5-Layer Pee Pads']",\
        "output": "Noting your satisfaction with the automatic feeder's ability to cater to your dog's needs even in your absence, I'm inclined to suggest the 'Furbo Dog Camera: Treat Tossing, Full HD Wifi Pet Camera and 2-Way Audio.' This high-tech gadget will let you interact with your furry friend remotely, allowing you to see, talk, and even toss treats to your dog when you're away from home. It provides the same peace of mind you appreciate about the automatic feeder, but adds a layer of interaction that both you and your dog will likely enjoy."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Reflecting on my shopping history and remarks, could you nominate an item from the selection and provide an explanation?",\
        "input": "I am Brian.\\nI bought the following products: RockJam 61-Key Electronic Keyboard Piano, D'Addario Assorted Pearl Celluloid Guitar Picks, Hal Leonard Guitar Method Book.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The keyboard is amazing. It's perfect for beginners like me, and the sound quality is excellent.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['Yamaha P71 88-Key Weighted Action Digital Piano', 'Snark SN5X Clip-On Tuner for Guitar', 'Alfred's Basic Adult All-in-One Course, Book 1']",\
        "output": "Given your satisfaction with the RockJam 61-Key Electronic Keyboard and the fact that you are a beginner in music, it might be fruitful to explore the 'Alfred's Basic Adult All-in-One Course, Book 1.' This instructional book covers the basics of piano playing in a simple and engaging way, much like your previous purchase, the Hal Leonard Guitar Method Book. It would be a logical next step on your musical journey, aiding in your progress as a keyboardist."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Given my buying history and critiques, can you advocate a product from the candidate list and elucidate your rationale?",\
        "input": "I am Claire.\\nI bought the following products: Hydro Flask Water Bottle, The North Face Women's Borealis Backpack, Teva Women's Original Universal Sandal.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I love my Hydro Flask. It keeps my drinks cold during my hikes and it's very durable.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['Patagonia Women's Better Sweater Fleece Jacket', 'Osprey Daylite Daypack', 'YETI Rambler 26 oz Bottle']",\
        "output": "Taking into consideration your praise for the durable Hydro Flask and your apparent love for outdoor activities, the 'Patagonia Women's Better Sweater Fleece Jacket' could be a superb addition to your gear. This product is known for its durability and warmth, making it a great companion for your hikes, similar to your trusted Hydro Flask."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Reflecting on my shopping history and remarks, could you nominate an item from the selection and provide an explanation?",\
        "input": "I am Robert.\\nI bought the following products: Bose SoundLink Micro, Portable Bluetooth Speaker, Amazon Echo Dot (3rd Gen).\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Bose SoundLink Micro is a game changer. Its sound quality is unmatched for such a small device.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['JBL Charge 4 - Waterproof Portable Bluetooth Speaker', 'Apple HomePod Mini', 'Sonos One (Gen 2) - Voice Controlled Smart Speaker']",\
        "output": "Given your affinity for sound quality in compact devices, as seen with your praise for the Bose SoundLink Micro, the 'Sonos One (Gen 2) - Voice Controlled Smart Speaker' seems like a suitable recommendation. Not only is this smart speaker compact and visually pleasing, but it also delivers rich, room-filling sound that rivals larger, more traditional speakers. It also features voice control, offering functionality similar to your Amazon Echo Dot."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Considering the items I've purchased and my reviews, please suggest a product from the potential list along with a justification.",\
        "input": "I am Sarah.\\nI bought the following products: L'Oreal Paris Makeup Voluminous Original Mascara, Neutrogena Hydro Boost Hyaluronic Acid Hydrating Water Face Gel Moisturizer, Revlon One-Step Hair Dryer And Volumizer Hot Air Brush.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Neutrogena moisturizer is fantastic. My skin feels so hydrated and it's so lightweight!\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['Maybelline Fit Me Matte + Poreless Liquid Foundation', 'CeraVe PM Facial Moisturizing Lotion', 'Dyson Airwrap Styler Complete']",\
        "output": "With the enjoyment you've experienced using the lightweight Neutrogena Hydro Boost moisturizer, I would recommend trying the 'CeraVe PM Facial Moisturizing Lotion.' This lotion also provides superior hydration without feeling heavy, due to its formula rich in ceramides and hyaluronic acid. As a bonus, it's also fragrance-free and non-comedogenic, making it ideal for most skin types."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Reflecting on my shopping history and remarks, could you nominate an item from the selection and provide an explanation?",\
        "input": "I am Tim.\\nI bought the following products: LEGO Technic Bugatti Chiron, Star Wars The Child Animatronic Edition, Nintendo Switch.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The LEGO Technic Bugatti Chiron was such a fun build, I love the attention to detail.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['PlayStation 5 Console', 'LEGO Star Wars: The Mandalorian The Razor Crest', 'Oculus Quest 2 \\u2014 Advanced All-In-One Virtual Reality Headset']",\
        "output": "Given your enjoyment of the detailed LEGO Technic Bugatti Chiron set, I'd recommend the 'LEGO Star Wars: The Mandalorian The Razor Crest' from your list of options. It's an intricate set that's sure to provide a similarly engaging building experience, plus it connects with your interest in Star Wars, hinted by your purchase of The Child Animatronic Edition."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Based on my purchase history and given comments, please propose a product from the available choices and provide your reasoning.",\
        "input": "I am Lily.\\nI bought the following products: The Sims 4 - PC, Acer Aspire 5 Slim Laptop, Logitech G502 HERO High Performance Gaming Mouse.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Logitech mouse is amazing for gaming. It's responsive and fits my hand perfectly.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['ASUS TUF Gaming A15 Gaming Laptop', 'Cyberpunk 2077 - PlayStation 4', 'Razer BlackWidow Elite Mechanical Gaming Keyboard']",\
        "output": "Based on your love for gaming and the preference for high-performance gear as shown by your comment on the Logitech mouse, I'd recommend the 'Razer BlackWidow Elite Mechanical Gaming Keyboard' from your selection. Just like your mouse, this keyboard is highly responsive and designed with serious gamers in mind. It should enhance your gaming experience, especially with games like The Sims 4."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "In view of the goods I've acquired and my observations, might you recommend a product from the proposed range and share the rationale behind it?",\
        "input": "I am Sophia.\\nI bought the following products: Sun Bum Original SPF 30 Sunscreen Lotion, BAGSMART Toiletry Bag Travel Bag with hanging hook, Fujifilm Instax Mini 9 Instant Camera.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Sun Bum sunscreen is perfect for my skin, it's non-greasy and smells lovely.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['Neutrogena Beach Defense Water Resistant Sunscreen Body Lotion', 'Canon PowerShot SX740 Digital Camera', 'BAGSMART Electronic Organizer Small Travel Cable Organizer Bag']",\
        "output": "Based on your positive review of the non-greasy Sun Bum Original SPF 30 Sunscreen Lotion, I would recommend you consider the 'Neutrogena Beach Defense Water Resistant Sunscreen Body Lotion'. Much like the Sun Bum sunscreen, it's also non-greasy and water-resistant, ensuring your skin stays protected even when you're swimming or sweating."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Reflecting on my shopping history and remarks, could you nominate an item from the selection and provide an explanation?",\
        "input": "I am Alice.\\nI bought the following products: KitchenAid Artisan Series 5-Qt. Stand Mixer, Cuisinart Multiclad Pro Stainless Steel 6-Piece Cookware Set, OXO Good Grips Soft-Handled Garlic Press.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The KitchenAid Stand Mixer has been a game changer in my kitchen. It's efficient and saves a lot of time.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['Vitamix E310 Explorian Blender', 'Instant Pot Duo 7-in-1 Electric Pressure Cooker', 'Chef'n FreshForce Citrus Juicer']",\
        "output": "Based on your admiration for the efficiency and time-saving aspect of the KitchenAid Stand Mixer, I would recommend the 'Instant Pot Duo 7-in-1 Electric Pressure Cooker' from your list. This product is known for its efficiency and versatility in cooking a wide variety of dishes, saving time just like your beloved KitchenAid mixer."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Bearing in mind my past purchases and comments, suggest a suitable product from the potential items along with a reason.",\
        "input": "I am Jake.\\nI bought the following products: JBL Flip 4 Waterproof Portable Bluetooth Speaker, Sony Noise Cancelling Headphones WH1000XM3, Kindle Paperwhite.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Sony headphones have exceptional sound quality. The noise cancelling feature helps me focus.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['Bose QuietComfort 35 II Wireless Bluetooth Headphones', 'Sony WH-1000XM4 Wireless Noise-Canceling Over-Ear Headphones', 'Apple AirPods Pro']",\
        "output": "Given your appreciation for sound quality and noise cancellation in your Sony WH1000XM3, the 'Sony WH-1000XM4 Wireless Noise-Canceling Over-Ear Headphones' from your list would be a natural upgrade. They retain the exceptional sound quality and noise cancellation you enjoy, with the added benefit of improved features and newer technology."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "With reference to the products I've picked up and my feedback, can you direct me to a product among the probable choices and explain why?",\
        "input": "I am Emma.\\nI bought the following products: Nike Women's Revolution 5 Running Shoe, Under Armour Women's Fly By Running Shorts, Fitbit Charge 4 Fitness and Activity Tracker.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Fitbit Charge 4 has been a great addition to my runs. It helps me track my progress.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['Apple Watch Series 6', 'Garmin Forerunner 35; Easy-to-Use GPS Running Watch', 'Adidas Women's Cloudfoam Pure Running Shoe']",\
        "output": "Given your positive experience with tracking your progress during runs with the Fitbit Charge 4, I recommend the 'Garmin Forerunner 35; Easy-to-Use GPS Running Watch' from your candidate set. This device, specifically designed for runners, offers a wide array of features to help track and improve your running metrics, potentially enhancing your exercise regimen even further."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Taking into account my previous purchases and feedback, can you propose a product from the possible options and explain why?",\
        "input": "I am Brian.\\nI bought the following products: Anker Wireless Charger, Amazon Echo Dot (4th Gen), Raspberry Pi 4 Model B 2019 Quad Core 64 Bit WiFi Bluetooth (4GB).\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Raspberry Pi 4 has been a great tool for my DIY projects. I love tinkering with it.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['Apple HomePod Mini', 'Raspberry Pi 400 Personal Computer Kit', 'Nest Learning Thermostat']",\
        "output": "Based on your comment about enjoying DIY projects with the Raspberry Pi 4, I recommend the 'Raspberry Pi 400 Personal Computer Kit' from your list. This kit is a great continuation of your tinkering adventures, providing a more advanced platform for a multitude of new and exciting projects."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Given my buying history and critiques, can you advocate a product from the candidate list and elucidate your rationale?",\
        "input": "I am Mia.\\nI bought the following products: Levi's Women's 721 High Rise Skinny Jeans, Converse Women's Chuck Taylor All Star Low Top Sneaker, Ray-Ban Rb2132 New Wayfarer Sunglasses.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Levi's skinny jeans are super comfortable and stylish. I love how they fit.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['Nike Women's Air Force 1 Sneaker', 'Michael Kors Women's Jet Set Travel - Large Chain Shoulder Tote', 'Levi's Women's 711 Skinny Ankle Jeans']",\
        "output": "Given your positive experience with the comfort and style of your Levi's 721 High Rise Skinny Jeans, I would recommend the 'Levi's Women's 711 Skinny Ankle Jeans' from your list. These jeans should offer a similar fit and style that you already love, with the added twist of an ankle length cut for a bit of variety."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Considering the items I've purchased and my reviews, please suggest a product from the potential list along with a justification.",\
        "input": "I am Olivia.\\nI bought the following products: Samsung Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G, Apple AirPods Pro, HP Pavilion 15.6-inch FHD Laptop.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Samsung Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G has an amazing camera and I love its sleek design.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['Apple iPhone 12 Pro Max', 'Dell XPS 15 9500 15.6-inch UHD+ Touchscreen Laptop', 'Sony WH-1000XM4 Wireless Noise-Canceling Over-Ear Headphones']",\
        "output": "Considering your appreciation for sleek design and camera quality in the Samsung Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G, I would recommend the 'Apple iPhone 12 Pro Max' from your list. It also has an excellent camera system with the added advantage of seamless integration with your Apple AirPods Pro."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Based on my purchase history and given comments, please propose a product from the available choices and provide your reasoning.",\
        "input": "I am Ethan.\\nI bought the following products: Logitech G915 TKL Tenkeyless Lightspeed Wireless RGB Mechanical Gaming Keyboard, HyperX Cloud II - Gaming Headset, Acer Predator X27 bmiiphzx 27\\" 4K UHD (3840 x 2160) IPS Monitor.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Logitech G915 TKL Mechanical Gaming Keyboard has enhanced my gaming experience significantly with its ultra-fast response time.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['BenQ PD2700U 27 inch 4K Monitor', 'Razer Viper Ultimate Hyperspeed Lightest Wireless Gaming Mouse', 'SteelSeries Arctis Pro High Fidelity Gaming Headset']",\
        "output": "Given your experience with the Logitech G915 TKL Mechanical Gaming Keyboard and its impact on your gaming due to its ultra-fast response time, I'd suggest considering the 'Razer Viper Ultimate Hyperspeed Lightest Wireless Gaming Mouse' from your candidate list. Much like your keyboard, this mouse is designed for fast response times and accuracy, which should further enhance your gaming performance."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "With reference to the products I've picked up and my feedback, can you direct me to a product among the probable choices and explain why?",\
        "input": "I am Ava.\\nI bought the following products: Instant Pot Duo Evo Plus Pressure Cooker, Cuisinart CGS-5020 Deluxe Grill Set, AmazonBasics Silicone Baking Mat Sheet, Set of 2.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Instant Pot Duo Evo Plus has made my cooking so much easier and quicker. I love how versatile it is.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['Ninja Foodi 9-in-1 Pressure, Broil, Slow Cooker', 'Cuisinart Chef's Classic Stainless 14-Inch Open Skillet', 'ThermoPro TP20 Wireless Remote Digital Cooking Food Meat Thermometer']",\
        "output": "Based on your positive feedback about the versatility and convenience of the Instant Pot Duo Evo Plus, I recommend considering the 'Ninja Foodi 9-in-1 Pressure, Broil, Slow Cooker' from your selection. This appliance offers similar versatility with several cooking modes that will enable you to prepare a wide range of dishes, potentially adding even more variety and convenience to your cooking routine."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "In view of the goods I've acquired and my observations, might you recommend a product from the proposed range and share the rationale behind it?",\
        "input": "I am Lucas.\\nI bought the following products: Nikon D850 FX-format Digital SLR Camera Body, DJI Mavic Mini - Drone FlyCam Quadcopter, GoPro HERO8 Black.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Nikon D850's image quality is stunning. It's perfect for my photography needs.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['Canon EOS R5 Full-Frame Mirrorless Camera', 'DJI Mavic Air 2 Fly More Combo - Drone Quadcopter', 'Sony Alpha a7 III Mirrorless Digital Camera']",\
        "output": "Given your appreciation for the stunning image quality of the Nikon D850, I'd suggest the 'Sony Alpha a7 III Mirrorless Digital Camera' from your list. This camera is known for its exceptional image quality and could offer a different, yet equally satisfying, photography experience, further enhancing your creative toolkit."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Reflecting on my shopping history and remarks, could you nominate an item from the selection and provide an explanation?",\
        "input": "I am Lily.\\nI bought the following products: Apple MacBook Pro (16-inch, 16GB RAM, 1TB Storage), Logitech MX Master 3 Advanced Wireless Mouse, Bose QuietComfort 35 II Wireless Bluetooth Headphones.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The MacBook Pro's processing speed is fantastic. It's improved my workflow tremendously.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['Samsung T7 Touch Portable SSD - 1TB', 'Apple iPad Pro (12.9-inch, Wi-Fi, 128GB)', 'Dell XPS 13 9310, 13.4 inch FHD+ Touch Laptop']",\
        "output": "Noting your satisfaction with the MacBook Pro's processing speed and how it has improved your workflow, the 'Samsung T7 Touch Portable SSD - 1TB' from your candidate list would be a great addition. This external SSD offers high-speed data transfers which would further streamline your workflow, and its portability ensures you can work efficiently no matter where you are."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "With reference to the products I've picked up and my feedback, can you direct me to a product among the probable choices and explain why?",\
        "input": "I am John.\\nI bought the following products: LEGO Architecture Statue of Liberty, Playmobil Large Farm, Hot Wheels Ultimate Garage Playset.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The LEGO Architecture Statue of Liberty was a fun and challenging build.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['LEGO Star Wars: The Mandalorian The Razor Crest', 'Barbie Dreamhouse', 'Nerf N Strike Elite Strongarm Toy Blaster']",\
        "output": "Considering your enjoyment of the challenging and fun build of the LEGO Architecture Statue of Liberty, I recommend 'LEGO Star Wars: The Mandalorian The Razor Crest' from your list. As another product from the LEGO line, it will likely offer a similar challenge and enjoyment, with the added excitement of being themed from the popular Star Wars series."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Considering the items I've purchased and my reviews, please suggest a product from the potential list along with a justification.",\
        "input": "I am Emily.\\nI bought the following products: Moleskine Classic Notebook, Prismacolor Premier Colored Pencils, Zebra Pen Mildliner, Double Ended Highlighter.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Prismacolor pencils have vibrant colors and blend really well.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['Faber-Castell Polychromos Artists' Color Pencils', 'Tombow Dual Brush Pens', 'Sakura Pigma Micron Ink Pen Set']",\
        "output": "Given your appreciation for vibrant colors and blendability in Prismacolor Pencils, I recommend the 'Faber-Castell Polychromos Artists' Color Pencils' from your list. These pencils are known for their high-quality pigment and excellent blending capabilities, which align with your preferences."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Bearing in mind my past purchases and comments, suggest a suitable product from the potential items along with a reason.",\
        "input": "I am Sophia.\\nI bought the following products: PUMA Women's Tazon 6 WN's FM Cross-Trainer Shoe, Hydro Flask Water Bottle, Lululemon Align Pant 28\\".\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Lululemon Align Pants are extremely comfortable for my yoga sessions.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['Nike Women's Metcon 5 Training Shoe', 'Manduka PRO Yoga and Pilates Mat', 'Adidas Women's Cloudfoam Pure Running Shoe']",\
        "output": "Given your positive experience with the comfort of your Lululemon Align Pants during your yoga sessions, I would recommend the 'Manduka PRO Yoga and Pilates Mat' from your list. This yoga mat is known for its comfort and durability, making it a great addition to your yoga practice."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Based on my purchase history and given comments, please propose a product from the available choices and provide your reasoning.",\
        "input": "I am Jackson.\\nI bought the following products: The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild - Nintendo Switch, Nintendo Switch Pro Controller, Super Smash Bros. Ultimate.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild is incredibly immersive. The game's open world is fantastic.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['Fire Emblem: Three Houses', 'Splatoon 2', 'Luigi's Mansion 3']",\
        "output": "Given your enjoyment of immersive open-world games as mentioned in your comment about The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, I recommend 'Fire Emblem: Three Houses' from your list. This game offers a rich storyline and a vast world for you to explore, offering a similarly engaging experience."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "In light of the items I've previously chosen and my expressed opinions, can you recommend a suitable product from the contenders and justify your choice?",\
        "input": "I am Harper.\\nI bought the following products: Vitamix A2300 Ascent Series Smart Blender, Instant Pot Duo 7-in-1 Electric Pressure Cooker, KitchenAid KSM150PSER Artisan Tilt-Head Stand Mixer.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Vitamix Blender has been a game-changer for my smoothie recipes. The power and performance are exceptional.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['Breville BJE830BSS Juice Founatin Cold XL Centrifugal Juicer', 'Nespresso Vertuo Next Coffee and Espresso Machine', 'Anova Culinary Sous Vide Precision Cooker']",\
        "output": "Considering your positive experience with the power and performance of the Vitamix Blender for your smoothie recipes, I recommend the 'Breville BJE830BSS Juice Founatin Cold XL Centrifugal Juicer' from your list. This juicer is known for its excellent performance and high juice yield, which will likely enhance your kitchen preparation, especially if you enjoy fresh juices along with your smoothies."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Reflecting on my shopping history and remarks, could you nominate an item from the selection and provide an explanation?",\
        "input": "I am Benjamin.\\nI bought the following products: Levi's Men's 511 Slim Fit Jeans, Timberland Men's White Ledge Mid Waterproof Ankle Boot, Calvin Klein Men's Cotton Stretch Multi-Pack Boxer Briefs.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Levi's 511 Slim Fit Jeans are incredibly comfortable and stylish.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['Columbia Men's Newton Ridge Plus II Waterproof Hiking Boot', 'Tommy Hilfiger Men's Thin Sleek Casual Bifold Wallet', 'Polo Ralph Lauren Classic Crew Neck T-Shirts']",\
        "output": "Considering your preference for comfort and style as observed from your comment about the Levi's 511 Slim Fit Jeans, I recommend the 'Polo Ralph Lauren Classic Crew Neck T-Shirts' from your list. These t-shirts are recognized for their comfort and timeless style, which aligns with the attributes you value in your clothing."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "In light of the items I've previously chosen and my expressed opinions, can you recommend a suitable product from the contenders and justify your choice?",\
        "input": "I am Charlotte.\\nI bought the following products: REVLON One-Step Hair Dryer And Volumizer Hot Air Brush, Olaplex No.3 Hair Perfector, Maybelline Lash Sensational Washable Mascara.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Olaplex No.3 Hair Perfector has dramatically improved the health of my hair. It's noticeably softer and shinier now.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['CeraVe Moisturizing Cream', 'NYX PROFESSIONAL MAKEUP Ultimate Shadow Palette', 'Foreo Luna Mini 2 Facial Cleansing Brush']",\
        "output": "Given your satisfaction with the Olaplex No.3 Hair Perfector improving the health of your hair, I recommend the 'Foreo Luna Mini 2 Facial Cleansing Brush' from your list. This device is known for its effectiveness in deep cleaning and revitalizing skin, which could offer similar transformative results to your skincare routine as Olaplex did for your hair."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "In light of the items I've previously chosen and my expressed opinions, can you recommend a suitable product from the contenders and justify your choice?",\
        "input": "I am Liam.\\nI bought the following products: Apple iPhone 12 Pro, Apple Watch Series 6, Apple AirPods Pro.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Apple iPhone 12 Pro's camera quality is excellent. I take a lot of pictures and videos, and they always turn out great.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['Samsung Galaxy S21 Ultra', 'Apple iPad Pro (12.9-inch, Wi-Fi, 128GB)', 'Bose QuietComfort 35 II Wireless Bluetooth Headphones']",\
        "output": "Given your positive feedback on the camera quality of the Apple iPhone 12 Pro and your evident preference for Apple products, I recommend the 'Apple iPad Pro (12.9-inch, Wi-Fi, 128GB)' from your list. This device offers a large, high-resolution display that would be perfect for viewing and editing the pictures and videos you enjoy taking."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "With reference to the products I've picked up and my feedback, can you direct me to a product among the probable choices and explain why?",\
        "input": "I am Mia.\\nI bought the following products: Mrs. Meyers Clean Day Scented Soy Candle, Bath & Body Works Aromatherapy Stress Relief 3-Wick Candle, Yankee Candle Large Jar Candle Balsam & Cedar.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Bath & Body Works Aromatherapy Stress Relief Candle smells amazing and helps me relax after a long day.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['Jo Malone London English Pear & Freesia Scented Candle', 'NEST Fragrances Grapefruit Scented Reed Diffuser', 'Voluspa Embossed Glass Chawan Bowl Candle']",\
        "output": "Considering your positive experience with the soothing aroma of the Bath & Body Works Aromatherapy Stress Relief Candle, I recommend the 'Jo Malone London English Pear & Freesia Scented Candle' from your list. This product has a delightful scent that many users find relaxing and it's also known for its long-lasting aroma, helping you create a peaceful environment after a long day."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Considering the items I've purchased and my reviews, please suggest a product from the potential list along with a justification.",\
        "input": "I am Ethan.\\nI bought the following products: Fitbit Charge 4 Fitness and Activity Tracker, Under Armour Men's Tech 2.0 Short Sleeve T-Shirt, Nike Men's Air Monarch IV Cross Trainer.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Fitbit Charge 4 has been helping me keep track of my daily fitness goals.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['Garmin Forerunner 945', 'Adidas Men's Lite Racer Adapt Running Shoe', 'Nike Men's Dri-FIT Training Gym Shorts']",\
        "output": "Given your appreciation for tracking your daily fitness goals with the Fitbit Charge 4, I recommend the 'Garmin Forerunner 945' from your list. This advanced fitness tracker provides detailed activity insights and offers features like GPS and music streaming, which can provide an enhanced fitness tracking experience for you."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "In view of the goods I've acquired and my observations, might you recommend a product from the proposed range and share the rationale behind it?",\
        "input": "I am Olivia.\\nI bought the following products: Fujifilm Instax Mini 9 Instant Camera, Adobe Photoshop Elements 2020, SanDisk 128GB Extreme Pro SDXC UHS-I Card.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I love the Fujifilm Instax Mini 9. It's fun and easy to use, and the photos it takes have a unique vintage feel.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['Canon EOS Rebel T7 DSLR Camera', 'Wacom Intuos Pro Digital Graphic Drawing Tablet', 'GoPro HERO8 Black']",\
        "output": "Given your enjoyment of the unique vintage feel of the Fujifilm Instax Mini 9 photos, I recommend the 'Canon EOS Rebel T7 DSLR Camera' from your list. This camera is renowned for its high-quality image capture and has manual settings that can be adjusted to achieve a similar vintage effect in a more advanced camera format."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "In light of the items I've previously chosen and my expressed opinions, can you recommend a suitable product from the contenders and justify your choice?",\
        "input": "I am Elijah.\\nI bought the following products: Omega Men's Seamaster Diver 300m Co-Axial Master Chronometer 42mm Watch, Ray-Ban Classic Aviator Sunglasses, Ralph Lauren Polo Red Eau de Toilette Spray For Men.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Omega Seamaster Diver Watch is both functional and elegant, perfect for both casual and formal wear.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['Gucci Guilty Pour Homme Eau de Toilette Spray for Men', 'Montblanc Meisterstuck LeGrand Ballpoint Pen', 'Burberry Men's Classic Cashmere Scarf in Check']",\
        "output": "Given your appreciation for items that are both functional and elegant, as mentioned in your comment about the Omega Seamaster Diver Watch, I recommend the 'Montblanc Meisterstuck LeGrand Ballpoint Pen' from your list. This pen is a statement of elegance and functionality, known for its smooth writing and timeless design. It can be used in both casual and formal settings, fitting perfectly with your style."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "In light of the items I've previously chosen and my expressed opinions, can you recommend a suitable product from the contenders and justify your choice?",\
        "input": "I am Ava.\\nI bought the following products: DEWALT 20V MAX Cordless Drill / Driver Kit, BLACK+DECKER Random Orbit Sander, Stanley 94-248 65-Piece Homeowner's Tool Kit.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The DEWALT 20V MAX Cordless Drill has been very useful for all my DIY projects. It's powerful and easy to handle.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['Bosch GLM 20 Blaze 65' Laser Distance Measure', 'SKIL 15-Amp 7-1/4-Inch Circular Saw', 'Makita XDT131 18V LXT Lithium-Ion Brushless Cordless Impact Driver Kit']",\
        "output": "Given your appreciation for powerful and easy-to-handle tools for your DIY projects, I recommend the 'Makita XDT131 18V LXT Lithium-Ion Brushless Cordless Impact Driver Kit' from your list. This tool is known for its robust performance and ease of handling, making it a suitable addition to your DIY toolkit."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Considering the items I've purchased and my reviews, please suggest a product from the potential list along with a justification.",\
        "input": "I am Isabella.\\nI bought the following products: Beats Solo3 Wireless On-Ear Headphones, Kindle Paperwhite \\u2013 Now Waterproof with 2x the Storage, Anker PowerCore 10000 Portable Charger.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Kindle Paperwhite is fantastic for reading. The e-ink display is clear and easy on the eyes, and the device is light and comfortable to hold.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['Apple iPad Air (10.9-inch, Wi-Fi, 64GB)', 'Bose QuietComfort 35 II Wireless Bluetooth Headphones', 'Apple Watch Series 6']",\
        "output": "Given your satisfaction with the readability and comfort of the Kindle Paperwhite, I recommend the 'Apple iPad Air (10.9-inch, Wi-Fi, 64GB)' from your list. This device has a high-quality, clear display and is also lightweight, which would be suitable for reading as well as other multimedia activities."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Considering the items I've purchased and my reviews, please suggest a product from the potential list along with a justification.",\
        "input": "I am Lucas.\\nI bought the following products: LEGO Star Wars: The Mandalorian The Razor Crest, Monopoly Classic Game, Ravensburger Disney Villainous Strategy Board Game.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The LEGO Star Wars: The Mandalorian The Razor Crest was an exciting build. It was a nice blend of challenge and fun.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['LEGO Ideas 21319 Central Perk Building Kit', 'Hasbro Gaming Risk Game', 'Ravensburger Marvel Villainous: Infinite Power Strategy Board Game']",\
        "output": "Considering your enjoyment of the challenge and fun provided by the LEGO Star Wars: The Mandalorian The Razor Crest, I recommend the 'LEGO Ideas 21319 Central Perk Building Kit' from your list. This kit is known to offer an enjoyable building experience, much like your previous LEGO set, and it also includes several intricate details that would add to the challenge and fun of the build."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "In view of the goods I've acquired and my observations, might you recommend a product from the proposed range and share the rationale behind it?",\
        "input": "I am Aiden.\\nI bought the following products: Logitech MX Master 2S Wireless Mouse, Acer Predator X27 Pbmiphzx 27\\" UHD, Corsair Vengeance LPX 16GB DDR4 RAM.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Acer Predator X27 is fantastic for gaming. The display is vibrant and the refresh rate is superb.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['Razer DeathAdder v2 Gaming Mouse', 'Logitech G Pro Mechanical Gaming Keyboard', 'Asus ROG Strix GeForce RTX 3080 OC Edition']",\
        "output": "Given your fondness for high-quality gaming equipment, as evident from your comment on the Acer Predator X27, I recommend the 'Asus ROG Strix GeForce RTX 3080 OC Edition' from your list. This graphics card is known for its superb performance, especially in gaming, enhancing visual effects and running games smoothly, which aligns with your preference for vibrant displays and high refresh rates."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "In light of the items I've previously chosen and my expressed opinions, can you recommend a suitable product from the contenders and justify your choice?",\
        "input": "I am Sophia.\\nI bought the following products: NYX PROFESSIONAL MAKEUP Ultimate Shadow Palette, Anastasia Beverly Hills - Brow Wiz, Maybelline Fit Me Matte + Poreless Liquid Foundation.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The NYX PROFESSIONAL MAKEUP Ultimate Shadow Palette has an impressive variety of shades. I love experimenting with different looks.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['Urban Decay Naked3 Palette', 'MAC Lipstick Matte Lipstick Ruby Woo', 'Fenty Beauty Pro Filt'r Soft Matte Longwear Foundation']",\
        "output": "Given your enjoyment of experimenting with a variety of shades, I recommend the 'Urban Decay Naked3 Palette' from your list. This palette offers a variety of unique and versatile shades that allow you to create a multitude of different looks, aligning with your love for experimenting with your makeup."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Bearing in mind my past purchases and comments, suggest a suitable product from the potential items along with a reason.",\
        "input": "I am Benjamin.\\nI bought the following products: Nikon D850 FX-Format Digital SLR Camera, Neewer 2 Pieces Bi-color 660 LED Video Light, AmazonBasics 60-Inch Lightweight Tripod.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Nikon D850 has incredible resolution and color rendition. I also appreciate its rugged build.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['Canon EF 24-70mm f/2.8L II USM Standard Zoom Lens', 'Godox V1-C Flash for Canon', 'Manfrotto MT055XPRO3 055 Aluminium 3-Section Tripod with Horizontal Column']",\
        "output": "Given your satisfaction with the high-resolution and color rendering of the Nikon D850, I recommend the 'Canon EF 24-70mm f/2.8L II USM Standard Zoom Lens' from your list. This lens is renowned for its superb image quality, including excellent sharpness, contrast, and color fidelity. Its durable construction also aligns with your preference for ruggedly built equipment."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "In view of the goods I've acquired and my observations, might you recommend a product from the proposed range and share the rationale behind it?",\
        "input": "I am Mia.\\nI bought the following products: Vitamix 5200 Blender Professional-Grade, Breville BES870XL Barista Express Espresso Machine, KitchenAid KSM150PSER Artisan Tilt-Head Stand Mixer.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Vitamix 5200 Blender is impressive. It's so powerful and versatile, and I use it almost every day.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['Cuisinart DFP-14BCNY 14-Cup Food Processor', 'Nespresso Vertuo Coffee and Espresso Machine by Breville', 'Zojirushi NS-ZCC10 5-1/2-Cup (Uncooked) Neuro Fuzzy Rice Cooker and Warmer']",\
        "output": "Given your enjoyment of the powerful and versatile Vitamix 5200 Blender, I recommend the 'Cuisinart DFP-14BCNY 14-Cup Food Processor' from your list. This food processor is known for its power and versatility, and it can be used for a variety of kitchen tasks, much like your Vitamix blender."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Bearing in mind my past purchases and comments, suggest a suitable product from the potential items along with a reason.",\
        "input": "I am William.\\nI bought the following products: Titleist Pro V1 Golf Balls, Callaway Men's Strata Complete Golf Set, Garmin Approach S10, Lightweight GPS Golf Watch.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Titleist Pro V1 Golf Balls have excellent distance and control. They've certainly improved my game.\\nHere is a candidate set of items for me to consider buying: ['TaylorMade SIM MAX Driver', 'Bushnell Pro X2 Golf Laser Rangefinder', 'FootJoy Men's Pro/SL Golf Shoes']",\
        "output": "Given your satisfaction with the distance and control provided by the Titleist Pro V1 Golf Balls, I recommend the 'TaylorMade SIM MAX Driver' from your list. This driver is renowned for its ability to maximize distance and improve control, which aligns with your golfing needs."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Can you suggest the next product I should buy?",\
        "input": "My name is George-Lynn.\\nI purchased these items recently: KitchenAid KSM150PSCU Artisan Series 5-Qt. Stand Mixer, Pyrex Glass Mixing Bowl Set, Cuisinart DFP-14BCNY 14-Cup Food Processor.\\nThese items fall into these categories: Kitchen Appliances, Kitchen Utensils & Gadgets, Food Processors.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Color is Contour Silver, 3-piece set made of durable glass, 14-cup work bowl with handle.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The KitchenAid mixer is a dream to use. I love baking, and this has made the process so much easier. I just wish I had a way to store all my baking ingredients in a more organized manner.",\
        "output": "Based on your interest in baking and your wish for a more organized ingredient storage, I recommend 'Prepworks by Progressive 6-Piece ProKeeper Set'. This set includes airtight, stackable storage containers specifically designed for various baking ingredients. It'll be a valuable addition to your kitchen, helping keep your baking ingredients fresh and your kitchen space tidy."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "What should I buy next?",\
        "input": "I am Karen-Paul.\\nMy recent purchases include: Kindle Paperwhite \'96 Now Waterproof with 2x the Storage, SanDisk 128GB microSDXC Card, Amazon Echo Dot (3rd Gen).\\nThese products belong to the following categories: eBook Readers & Accessories, Computer Accessories & Peripherals, Home Automation Devices.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Now waterproof, up to 22 hours of battery life, 128GB storage, hands-free voice control with Alexa.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Kindle Paperwhite has completely changed my reading habits. I love that I can carry thousands of books wherever I go, and the built-in light is a game-changer. But, sometimes I miss the feel of a real book in my hands.",\
        "output": "Considering your love for reading and the slight nostalgia for physical books, I would recommend the 'Book Light for Reading in Bed at Night.' This clip-on book light is perfect for reading physical books at night without disturbing others. It's lightweight, portable, and will give you the freedom to enjoy any book, anytime."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "What product should I consider buying next?",\
        "input": "I am John-Sue.\\nMy recent purchases are: Fitbit Charge 4 Fitness and Activity Tracker, Under Armour Men's ColdGear Compression Leggings, Vega Protein and Greens, Vanilla, Plant Based Protein Powder.\\nThese products fall into these categories: Health & Personal Care, Exercise & Fitness, Sports Nutrition.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Built-in GPS, 24/7 heart rate, Sleep tracking, Dual-layer fabric, Anti-odor technology, 20 grams vegan protein, low calorie, no added sugar.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I love the Fitbit! It's great for tracking my runs, but I wish it had a way to store music so I don't have to bring my phone with me.",\
        "output": "Based on your interest in fitness tracking and music, I recommend the 'Apple Watch Series 6.' Not only does it have advanced health and fitness tracking features similar to your Fitbit, but it also supports music streaming and storage. This will allow you to listen to your favorite tunes while running, without the need to carry your phone."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend a new product for me to purchase.",\
        "input": "I am Linda-Bob.\\nI have recently bought: Canon EOS Rebel T7 DSLR Camera, AmazonBasics 60-Inch Lightweight Tripod, SanDisk 64GB Extreme PRO SDXC UHS-I Card.\\nThese products fall into these categories: Digital Cameras, Camera & Photo Accessories, Memory Cards.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: 24.1 Megapixel CMOS (APS-C) sensor, Lightweight tripod with adjustable-height legs and rubber feet, Up to 170MB/s read speed.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Canon camera takes amazing photos, but I'm struggling with finding the right lighting for indoor shots.",\
        "output": "Considering your struggle with indoor photography lighting, I suggest the 'Neewer 700W Professional Photography Studio Softbox Lighting Kit.' This kit includes everything you need to create the ideal lighting environment for your indoor shots. The softbox diffusers will provide soft light, reducing harsh shadows and making your photos look more professional."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Suggest me a new product to buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation.",\
        "input": "My name is Emily-James.\\nI recently purchased: Apple MacBook Air (13-inch, 8GB RAM, 256GB SSD Storage), Bose QuietComfort 35 II Wireless Bluetooth Headphones, Anker PowerCore 10000 Portable Charger.\\nThese products belong to the following categories: Computers & Accessories, Headphones, Cell Phones & Accessories.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Retina display, Touch ID, Up to 20 hours of battery life, Active noise cancellation, Compact and lightweight, High-speed charging.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Bose headphones are fantastic for blocking out noise during travel, but I find them a bit bulky to carry around.",\
        "output": "Based on your interest in high-quality audio and portability, I recommend the 'Sony WH-1000XM4 Wireless Noise-Canceling Overhead Headphones.' These headphones offer excellent noise cancellation, comparable to the Bose headphones, but they are more compact and lightweight, making them easier to carry on the go."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "What should I consider buying next?",\
        "input": "I am Alex-Sophia.\\nMy recent purchases include: Samsung Galaxy S21 Ultra 5G Factory Unlocked Android Cell Phone, Samsung Galaxy Watch 4 Classic, Jabra Elite 85t True Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds.\\nThese products belong to the following categories: Cell Phones & Accessories, Smartwatches, Headphones.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: 108MP camera, 6.8-inch AMOLED display, IP68 water resistance, Fitness tracking, Sleep monitoring, Active noise cancellation.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Samsung Galaxy Watch is great for tracking my workouts, but I wish it had more stylish strap options.",\
        "output": "Based on your interest in fitness tracking and style, I recommend the 'Fitbit Versa 3 Health & Fitness Smartwatch.' It offers comprehensive fitness tracking features similar to the Samsung Galaxy Watch, and it provides a variety of stylish strap options to match your personal style and preferences."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me a new product to buy.",\
        "input": "I bought the following products: Apple iPad Pro (12.9-inch, 256GB, Wi-Fi), Apple Pencil (2nd Generation), ProCase iPad Pro 12.9 Case.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Computers & Accessories, Tablet Accessories, Tablet Cases.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Liquid Retina XDR display, A12Z Bionic chip, Magnetic attachment and wireless charging, Slim and lightweight, Full protection with Apple Pencil holder.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The iPad Pro and Apple Pencil combination is perfect for digital art, but I struggle with finding a comfortable drawing position for extended periods.",\
        "output": "Considering your interest in digital art and comfort, I recommend the 'Wacom Cintiq Pro 24 Creative Pen Display.' This device offers a larger drawing surface with an adjustable stand, allowing you to find a more comfortable drawing position. It provides precise pen input and advanced display technology for a seamless digital art experience."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation.",\
        "input": "I am Sheila-Andy.\\nI bought the following products: CreativeWare Insulated Tumblers with Lids, Grandma's Secret Jewelry Cleaner, The Friendly Swede Replaceable Micro, Aurum Cables Male to 3.5mm Universal 24K Go.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Glassware & Drinkware, Cleaning & Care, Styluses, Audio Cables.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Set includes is six clear tumblers with lids Contains no bpa Made in the usa, Size is  3-Ounce, Color is  Dark Blue  Light Blue  Purple, Size is  2 Feet Color is  2 Pack - Blue & Green.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: These tumblers are very well put together and come with lids that been sipped or used with a straw. They are good for hot and cold beverages and are dishwasher safe. I wish they came in colors as well as clear.",\
        "output": "I recommend considering the 'Simple Modern Classic Insulated Tumbler.' This tumbler offers similar features to your previous purchase, such as insulation for both hot and cold beverages and a lid for convenience. However, what sets it apart is the wide range of vibrant colors it comes in, addressing your preference for colored tumblers."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation.",\
        "input": "I am Sarah-Michael.\\nI recently purchased: Sony WH-1000XM4 Wireless Noise-Canceling Overhead Headphones, Samsung Galaxy Buds Pro, JBL Charge 4 Portable Waterproof Bluetooth Speaker.\\nThese products belong to the following categories: Headphones, True Wireless Earbuds, Portable Speakers.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Industry-leading noise cancellation, Adaptive sound control, Water resistance, 360-degree sound.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Sony WH-1000XM4 headphones are amazing, but I'm looking for a more portable option that I can carry with me during workouts.",\
        "output": "I recommend considering the 'Powerbeats Pro Wireless Earphones.' These earphones provide high-quality sound, seamless connectivity, and a secure fit, making them perfect for workouts. They offer excellent portability and are sweat and water-resistant, ensuring they can withstand your active lifestyle."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation.",\
        "input": "I am Olivia-Liam.\\nI have recently purchased: Apple Watch Series 6, Fitbit Versa 3 Health & Fitness Smartwatch, Garmin Forerunner 245 Music.\\nThese products belong to the following categories: Smartwatches, Fitness Trackers, GPS Running Watches.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: ECG app, Blood oxygen monitoring, Comprehensive health and fitness tracking, Built-in GPS, Music storage and playback, Advanced running dynamics.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Apple Watch Series 6 is great, but I'm looking for a smartwatch specifically tailored for outdoor running with detailed metrics.",\
        "output": "I recommend considering the 'Polar Vantage V2 GPS Running Watch.' It is designed specifically for runners and offers advanced metrics such as running power, recovery insights, and personalized training plans. It provides precise GPS tracking, ensuring accurate distance and pace measurements during outdoor runs."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation.",\
        "input": "I am Benjamin-Abigail.\\nI bought the following products: Samsung 49-Inch CHG90 144Hz Curved Gaming Monitor, Razer BlackWidow Elite Mechanical Gaming Keyboard, Logitech G502 HERO High-Performance Gaming Mouse.\\nThese products fall into these categories: Monitors, Gaming Keyboards, Gaming Mice.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Ultra-wide curved display, High refresh rate, Mechanical key switches, Customizable RGB lighting, High-precision sensor.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Logitech gaming mouse is great, but I'm looking for a mouse with adjustable weight for better customization.",\
        "output": "I recommend considering the 'SteelSeries Rival 600 Gaming Mouse.' It offers adjustable weight customization, allowing you to fine-tune the mouse's feel and balance according to your preference. It also features a high-precision sensor and customizable RGB lighting, providing a great gaming experience."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation.",\
        "input": "I am Emma-Lucas.\\nMy recent purchases include: Apple MacBook Pro (16-inch, 16GB RAM, 1TB SSD Storage), LG 27UK850-W 27-Inch 4K UHD IPS Monitor, Logitech MX Master 3 Advanced Wireless Mouse.\\nThese products belong to the following categories: Laptops, Monitors, Mice.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Powerful performance, High-resolution display, Precise tracking and customization.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Logitech MX Master 3 mouse is comfortable, but I'm looking for a wireless mouse with programmable buttons for enhanced productivity.",\
        "output": "I recommend considering the 'Razer Basilisk Ultimate HyperSpeed Wireless Gaming Mouse.' This mouse offers programmable buttons that you can customize to streamline your productivity tasks. It also features a comfortable ergonomic design and a high-precision sensor for accurate tracking."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation.",\
        "input": "I bought the following products: Apple iPhone 12 Pro Max, Apple AirPods Pro, Belkin Boost Charge Pro 3-in-1 Wireless Charger.\\nThese products fall into these categories: Cell Phones & Accessories, Headphones, Wireless Chargers.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: A14 Bionic chip, Pro camera system, Active noise cancellation, Fast wireless charging.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Apple AirPods Pro are great, but I'm looking for over-ear headphones for a more immersive audio experience.",\
        "output": "Considering your interest in a more immersive audio experience, I recommend the 'Sony WH-1000XM4 Wireless Noise-Canceling Over-Ear Headphones.' These headphones offer exceptional sound quality, industry-leading noise cancellation, and long battery life. They provide a comfortable over-ear design, perfect for enjoying music, movies, and more."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation.",\
        "input": "I am Benjamin-Sophia.\\nMy recent purchases include: Sony X900H 65-Inch TV, Sonos Beam Soundbar, Apple TV 4K.\\nThese products belong to the following categories: Televisions, Soundbars, Streaming Media Players.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: 4K Ultra HD display, Immersive sound, High-quality streaming.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Sony X900H TV has great picture quality, but I'm interested in a streaming media player with a wider range of supported apps.",\
        "output": "Based on your interest in a wider range of supported apps, I recommend the 'NVIDIA Shield TV Pro.' This streaming media player offers an extensive selection of apps and supports 4K HDR streaming. It provides a smooth and responsive streaming experience, making it an excellent choice for your entertainment needs."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation.",\
        "input": "I am Mia-Aiden.\\nI have recently purchased: GoPro HERO9 Black - Waterproof Action Camera, DJI Osmo Mobile 3 Combo - 3-Axis Smartphone Gimbal, Rode VideoMicro Compact On-Camera Microphone.\\nThese products fall into these categories: Action Cameras, Smartphone Gimbals, Camera Microphones.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: 5K video recording, Stabilized smartphone footage, High-quality audio recording.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The DJI Osmo Mobile 3 is great for smartphone stabilization, but I'm interested in a versatile action camera with advanced features.",\
        "output": "Considering your interest in a versatile action camera, I recommend the 'DJI Pocket 2 - Handheld 3-Axis Gimbal Stabilizer with 4K Camera.' This compact and portable camera offers high-quality 4K video recording, advanced stabilization, and a range of creative features. It's perfect for capturing smooth and professional-looking footage in various scenarios."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation.",\
        "input": "I am Olivia-Noah.\\nI recently purchased: Sony A7 III Full-Frame Mirrorless Camera, Sigma 35mm F1.4 Art DG HSM Lens, Manfrotto MT190XPRO4 Aluminum 4-Section Tripod.\\nThese products belong to the following categories: Cameras, Camera Lenses, Tripods.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Full-frame sensor, Versatile lens for various photography genres, Sturdy and lightweight tripod.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Sigma lens produces stunning image quality, but I'm interested in capturing wider shots and landscapes.",\
        "output": "Based on your interest in wider shots and landscapes, I recommend the 'Tamron 17-35mm f/2.8-4 Di OSD Lens.' This lens offers a wider focal length range, allowing you to capture expansive shots and landscapes with excellent image quality. It's a versatile lens for various photography genres, including architecture and nature."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation.",\
        "input": "I am Sophia-Ethan.\\nMy recent purchases include: Dell XPS 13 Laptop, Logitech MX Anywhere 3 Compact Wireless Mouse, Samsung T5 Portable SSD.\\nThese products fall into these categories: Laptops, Mice, External Hard Drives.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Powerful performance, Compact and portable mouse, Fast and reliable external storage.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Dell XPS 13 is fantastic, but I'm interested in a docking station for better connectivity and versatility.",\
        "output": "Considering your interest in better connectivity and versatility, I recommend the 'Plugable UD-6950H USB 3.0 Dual 4K Display Docking Station.' This docking station offers multiple USB ports, HDMI and DisplayPort outputs, and support for dual 4K displays. It provides convenient connectivity and expands the capabilities of your Dell XPS 13 laptop."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next.",\
        "input": "I am John-Doe.\\nI bought the following products: Apple AirPods Pro, Samsung Galaxy Watch Active2, Fitbit Charge 4 Fitness and Activity Tracker, Sony WH-1000XM4 Wireless Noise-Canceling Headphones.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Headphones, Smartwatches, Fitness Trackers.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Active noise cancellation, Built-in GPS, Heart rate monitoring, Water resistance.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The noise-canceling feature of the headphones is amazing, and they provide excellent sound quality. I also appreciate the long battery life, which allows me to use them for extended periods without needing to recharge.",\
        "output": "I recommend considering the Bose QuietComfort 35 II Wireless Bluetooth Headphones. These headphones offer similar features to your previous purchase, such as active noise cancellation and high-quality sound. Additionally, they provide a comfortable fit for extended use and have a long battery life, addressing your requirements for an immersive audio experience."\
        \},\
        \{\
        "instruction": "Suggest me a new product to buy.",\
        "input": "I bought the following products: Instant Pot Duo 7-in-1 Electric Pressure Cooker, Cuisinart TOA-60 Convection Toaster Oven Airfryer, KitchenAid Classic Plus Series 4.5-Quart Tilt-Head Stand Mixer, Ninja BL770 Mega Kitchen System.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Pressure Cookers, Toaster Ovens, Stand Mixers, Blenders.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: 7-in-1 multi-functional cooker, Air frying capability, Tilt-head design, Multiple attachments for versatile use.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The air frying feature of the toaster oven is fantastic, and it allows me to enjoy crispy and healthier versions of my favorite foods. The stand mixer is also a great addition to my kitchen, and its various attachments make baking and cooking tasks much easier.",\
        "output": "I recommend considering the Philips XXL Airfryer. This air fryer offers a similar air frying capability to your previous purchase, allowing you to enjoy crispy and healthier versions of your favorite foods. Additionally, it provides a larger cooking capacity, enabling you to prepare meals for the whole family. If you enjoy baking, the KitchenAid Artisan Series 5-Quart Stand Mixer would be an excellent choice. It offers a tilt-head design and various attachments for versatile use in your baking endeavors."\
        \},\
        \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next.",\
        "input": "I am Emily-Smith.\\nI bought the following products: Kindle Paperwhite, Moleskine Classic Notebook, Staedtler Triplus Fineliner Pens, LapGear Designer Lap Desk.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: E-readers, Notebooks & Writing Pads, Pens & Refills, Lap Desks.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: High-resolution display, Compact and portable design, Assorted colors, Comfortable and stable surface.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The LapGear lap desk is perfect for working or studying on the couch or bed. It provides a stable surface and has a comfortable wrist rest. The built-in storage compartments are also convenient for keeping pens, notebooks, and other essentials.",\
        "output": "I recommend considering the Sofia + Sam Oversized Memory Foam Lap Desk. This lap desk offers a similar comfortable and stable surface to your previous purchase, providing an ideal workspace on the couch or bed. It features a built-in memory foam cushion for added comfort and a large surface area to accommodate your laptop and other accessories. The storage pouches on the side offer convenient storage for pens, notebooks, and other items you need while working or studying."\
        \},\
        \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next.",\
        "input": "I am John-Doe.\\nI bought the following products: Apple AirPods Pro, Samsung 55-Inch QLED 4K UHD Smart TV, Fitbit Charge 4, Sony WH-1000XM4 Wireless Headphones.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Audio & Accessories, TVs & Home Theater, Wearable Technology, Audio & Accessories.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Active noise cancellation for immersive sound, 4K QLED display with vibrant colors and deep contrast, Advanced fitness tracking and heart rate monitoring, Industry-leading noise cancellation technology.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: These headphones have amazing sound quality and the noise cancellation is top-notch. The battery life is excellent, and they are comfortable to wear for long periods of time.",\
        "output": "I recommend considering the 'Bose QuietComfort 35 II Wireless Headphones.' These headphones offer similar features to your previous purchase, including active noise cancellation and high-quality sound. They also provide long battery life and comfortable wearing experience, just like the headphones you've previously enjoyed."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next.",\
        "input": "I am Emily-Smith.\\nI bought the following products: Instant Pot Duo 7-in-1 Electric Pressure Cooker, Ninja Foodi 5-in-1 Indoor Grill, Philips Sonicare ProtectiveClean 6100 Rechargeable Electric Toothbrush.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Kitchen Appliances, Kitchen Appliances, Oral Care.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: 7 cooking functions for versatile meal preparation, Smokeless indoor grilling with air fryer capabilities, Pressure sensor and brush head replacement reminder.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The pressure cooker is a game-changer in the kitchen. It saves so much time and effort, and the meals turn out delicious. I highly recommend it!",\
        "output": "I recommend considering the 'Cuisinart 6-Quart Electric Pressure Cooker.' This pressure cooker offers similar features to your previous purchase, such as multiple cooking functions for versatile meal preparation. It is known for its reliability and excellent performance, making it a great addition to your kitchen."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next with a reason.",\
        "input": "I am Alex-Johnson.\\nI bought the following products: Canon EOS Rebel T7 DSLR Camera, Nikon AF-S FX NIKKOR 50mm f/1.8G Lens, SanDisk 128GB Extreme PRO SDXC UHS-I Card.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Camera & Photo, Camera & Photo, Camera & Photo.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: 24.1 megapixel CMOS sensor, Fast and accurate autofocus lens for stunning portraits, High-speed, Class 10 performance for fast data transfer.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The camera is easy to use, and the image quality is fantastic. The lens is great for capturing beautiful portraits with a blurred background.",\
        "output": "I recommend considering the 'Sony Alpha a6000 Mirrorless Digital Camera.' This camera offers similar features to your previous purchase, including a high-resolution sensor for excellent image quality. It also provides fast autofocus performance and interchangeable lenses, giving you the flexibility to capture stunning portraits and more."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation",\
        "input": "I am John-Doe.\\nI bought the following products: Sony WH-1000XM4 Wireless Headphones, Anker PowerCore 10000 Portable Charger, JBL Flip 5 Waterproof Portable Bluetooth Speaker, Razer DeathAdder Elite Gaming Mouse.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Headphones, Portable Chargers, Bluetooth Speakers, Gaming Mice.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Industry-leading noise canceling with Dual Noise Sensor technology, Compact and lightweight design, Powerful sound with high bass, High-precision 16,000 DPI optical sensor.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The sound quality of these headphones is incredible! The noise-canceling feature is very effective, and they are comfortable to wear for extended periods. Highly recommended for music lovers and frequent travelers!",\
        "output": "Based on your previous purchase and your positive feedback on sound quality, I recommend considering the 'Bose QuietComfort 35 II Wireless Headphones.' These headphones are known for their exceptional noise-canceling capabilities, which will further enhance your music listening experience. Additionally, they offer excellent comfort for extended wear and are highly regarded by frequent travelers."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation",\
        "input": "I am Michael-Jackson.\\nI bought the following products: Canon EOS 5D Mark IV DSLR Camera, Manfrotto MT190XPRO4 Aluminum Tripod, Rode VideoMic Pro Compact Directional On-Camera Microphone, SanDisk Extreme Pro 128GB SDXC Memory Card.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: DSLR Cameras, Tripods, Camera Microphones, Memory Cards.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: High-resolution full-frame sensor, Versatile and sturdy tripod for professional photography, Excellent audio capture for video recording, High-capacity and high-speed memory card.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Canon EOS 5D Mark IV is a beast of a camera! The image quality is superb, and it performs exceptionally well in low-light conditions. It's a reliable choice for professional photographers.",\
        "output": "Based on your previous purchase and your positive feedback on the Canon EOS 5D Mark IV, I recommend considering the 'Sony Alpha a7 III Mirrorless Camera.' This mirrorless camera offers similar high image quality and low-light performance while providing a more compact and lightweight design. It's a versatile camera that delivers exceptional results in various photography genres."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation",\
        "input": "I am Mark-Smith.\\nI bought the following products: Weber Spirit II E-310 Gas Grill, Cuisinart Deluxe Grill Set, BBQ Dragon Charcoal Chimney Starter, Grillaholics Grill Mat.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Gas Grills, Grill Tools and Accessories, Charcoal Starters, Grill Mats.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Three burners for even heat distribution, Comprehensive set of high-quality grilling tools, Quick and efficient charcoal ignition, Non-stick and reusable grill mat.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Weber Spirit II E-310 is an outstanding gas grill! It heats up quickly and cooks food evenly. The build quality is excellent, and it's a perfect size for small gatherings.",\
        "output": "Based on your previous purchase and your positive feedback on the Weber Spirit II E-310, I recommend considering the 'Traeger Pro Series 575 Pellet Grill.' This pellet grill offers a unique wood-fired flavor to your grilled dishes and features precise temperature control for consistent results. It's a versatile grill that allows you to smoke, grill, bake, roast, braise, and BBQ, expanding your culinary options."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation",\
        "input": "I am Jennifer-Davis.\\nI bought the following products: Dyson V11 Animal Cordless Vacuum Cleaner, iRobot Roomba 981 Robot Vacuum, Bissell Cleanview Swivel Pet Upright Bagless Vacuum Cleaner, Shark Rocket Ultra-Light Corded Bagless Vacuum.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Cordless Vacuums, Robot Vacuums, Upright Vacuums, Stick Vacuums.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Powerful suction with advanced filtration, Intelligent navigation for efficient cleaning, Specialized pet hair cleaning capabilities, Lightweight and portable design.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Dyson V11 Animal is a game-changer for pet owners! It effortlessly picks up pet hair and dander, and the suction power is impressive. The cordless design makes it convenient to clean every corner of the house.",\
        "output": "Based on your previous purchase and your positive feedback on the Dyson V11 Animal, I recommend considering the 'Miele Complete C3 Cat & Dog Canister Vacuum Cleaner.' This canister vacuum offers similar powerful suction and specialized pet hair cleaning capabilities. It's known for its exceptional filtration system, ensuring the air in your home remains clean and allergen-free."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation",\
        "input": "I am Robert-Anderson.\\nI bought the following products: Samsung QN65Q90TAFXZA 4K QLED Smart TV, Sonos Arc Soundbar, Roku Streaming Stick+, Logitech Harmony Elite Universal Remote Control.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: TVs, Soundbars, Streaming Devices, Universal Remotes.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Quantum Dot technology for vibrant and lifelike colors, Immersive and high-quality sound, Powerful streaming with 4K HDR support, Universal control for seamless home entertainment.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Samsung QLED TV is fantastic! The picture quality is stunning, and the colors are incredibly vivid. The Sonos Arc soundbar complements it perfectly, delivering immersive sound for an enhanced viewing experience.",\
        "output": "Based on your previous purchase and your positive feedback on the Samsung QLED TV and Sonos Arc soundbar, I recommend considering the 'LG OLED65CXPUA 4K OLED Smart TV.' This OLED TV offers unparalleled picture quality with deep blacks and vibrant colors. Combined with a premium soundbar, it creates a cinematic experience in the comfort of your home."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation",\
        "input": "I am Lisa-Wilson.\\nI bought the following products: Kindle Paperwhite E-Reader, Moleskine Classic Notebook, Pilot G2 Retractable Gel Pens, Book Beau Book Sleeve.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: E-Readers, Notebooks, Pens, Book Accessories.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: High-resolution display with built-in adjustable light, Durable and elegant hardcover notebook, Smooth and reliable gel ink pens, Protective sleeve for books and e-readers.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Kindle Paperwhite is my favorite gadget! The display is easy on the eyes, and I love the convenience of carrying multiple books in one device. The Moleskine notebook and Pilot G2 pens are perfect for jotting down notes and ideas.",\
        "output": "Based on your previous purchase and your positive feedback on the Kindle Paperwhite and Moleskine Classic Notebook, I recommend considering the 'Apple iPad Pro.' This versatile device offers a larger display and additional functionalities compared to your Kindle. It allows you to read e-books, take notes, and access various productivity apps, providing a seamless digital and analog experience."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation",\
        "input": "I am Sophia-Anderson.\\nI bought the following products: KitchenAid Artisan Stand Mixer, Le Creuset Enameled Cast Iron Dutch Oven, Wusthof Classic Chef's Knife, All-Clad Stainless Steel Cookware Set.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Stand Mixers, Dutch Ovens, Chef's Knives, Cookware Sets.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Powerful motor and versatile attachments for baking and cooking, Even and consistent heat distribution, High-quality and durable stainless steel blade, Premium quality and performance for professional cooking.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The KitchenAid Stand Mixer is a must-have for any baking enthusiast! It makes mixing and kneading dough a breeze. The Le Creuset Dutch Oven is a versatile cooking vessel, perfect for braising, roasting, and making soups.",\
        "output": "Based on your previous purchase and your positive feedback on the KitchenAid Stand Mixer and Le Creuset Dutch Oven, I recommend considering the 'Vitamix 5200 Blender.' This blender offers similar versatility in the kitchen, allowing you to blend, puree, and emulsify a wide range of ingredients. It's a powerful and reliable appliance that will elevate your culinary creations."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation",\
        "input": "I am George-Walker.\\nI bought the following products: Stanley Adventure Camp Cook Set, Zippo Outdoor Lighter, North Face Sleeping Bag, Black Diamond Trekking Poles.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Camp Kitchen Equipment, Lighters, Sleeping Bags, Trekking Poles.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Stainless steel, 24oz pot with vented lid, windproof design, temperature rating: 20 degrees Fahrenheit, aluminum construction.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Black Diamond trekking poles have been a great addition to my hiking gear. They're lightweight and really durable. However, I wish they had a better grip.",\
        "output": "Based on your feedback, I suggest looking at the 'Leki Micro Vario Carbon Trekking Poles.' They are also made of durable, lightweight material like the Black Diamond poles. However, these poles have an ergonomic grip with a strap for additional support, which could provide the enhanced grip you're looking for."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation",\
        "input": "I am Emily-Simon.\\nI bought the following products: Rustic Town Leather Journal, Parker Jotter Ballpoint Pen, Moleskine Classic Notebook, Faber-Castell Colored Pencils.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Journals, Ballpoint Pens, Notebooks & Writing Pads, Colored Pencils.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: 100% Genuine Leather, Stainless Steel with Chrome Trim, Hard Cover, High-Quality Pigments.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: I love the Rustic Town Leather Journal. It's sturdy, has high-quality paper, but I wish it had some sort of a closure or lock to keep it closed.",\
        "output": "Based on your interests, I recommend 'Moonster Leather Journal with Lock.' This journal also features a genuine leather cover and high-quality paper, similar to the Rustic Town journal you enjoyed. Additionally, it comes with a vintage-style lock to keep your thoughts and notes secure, fulfilling your requirement for a closure."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation",\
        "input": "I am Henry-Sophia.\\nI bought the following products: Sony WH-1000XM4 Wireless Headphones, Amazon Kindle Paperwhite, Apple Magic Mouse 2, RAVPower Portable Charger.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Over-Ear Headphones, eReaders, Computer Mice, Portable Power Banks.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Noise cancellation, waterproof, Multi-Touch surface, High-Speed Charging.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Sony headphones are fantastic with the noise cancellation feature, but I do wish the battery life was a bit longer.",\
        "output": "For your next purchase, I would recommend the 'Sennheiser Momentum 3 Wireless Headphones.' These headphones also offer superior noise cancellation, but they provide an impressive battery life of up to 17 hours, which could address your need for longer battery duration."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation",\
        "input": "I am Daniel-Julia.\\nI bought the following products: Philips Sonicare Electric Toothbrush, Neutrogena Hydro Boost Gel-Cream, CeraVe Facial Moisturizing Lotion, Gillette Fusion5 Men's Razor.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Electric Toothbrushes, Face Moisturizers, Lotions, Men's Razors & Blades.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Optimal Plaque Control, Hyaluronic Acid, AM/PM Moisture, Precision Trimmer.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Gillette Fusion5 provides a smooth shave, although maintaining a good grip can be challenging when the handle gets wet.",\
        "output": "Given your experience with the Gillette Fusion5, you might want to try the 'Schick Hydro 5 Sensitive Skin Razor.' It's known for its ergonomic design and a rubber grip that performs well even when wet, potentially resolving your issue with grip."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation",\
        "input": "I am Steve-Emma.\\nI bought the following products: Sandisk Extreme Pro SD Card, Neewer Ring Light, Canon EOS M50 Mirrorless Camera, AmazonBasics Portable Foldable Photo Studio Box with LED Light.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Memory Cards, Macro & Ringlight Flashes, Mirrorless Cameras, Photo Studio Shooting Tents.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: 64GB Storage, Dimmable, 24.1 Megapixel, 25 x 30 x 25 Inches.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Neewer Ring Light has been instrumental in my shoots, but the stand's stability could use some improvement.",\
        "output": "For improved stability, I recommend the 'ESDDI 18-inch Ring Light.' Not only does it offer excellent, adjustable lighting like your Neewer ring light, but it also comes with a more robust stand for better balance and stability."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation",\
        "input": "I am Rachel-Michael.\\nI bought the following products: Fitbit Inspire HR, BlenderBottle Classic Loop Top Shaker Bottle, Gaiam Yoga Mat, Tone Fitness Kettlebell.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Fitness Trackers, Sports Nutrition Shaker Bottles, Yoga Mats, Kettlebells.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Heart Rate & Sleep Tracking, Leak-Proof Guarantee, Non-Slip Surface, Vinyl Coating.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Fitbit Inspire HR has been a great fitness tracker, but the strap sometimes feels a bit uncomfortable.",\
        "output": "Given your feedback on the Fitbit Inspire HR, you might want to consider the 'Garmin Vivosmart 4.' It also provides comprehensive fitness tracking features, but it's known for its comfortable, slim design that feels great to wear all day."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation",\
        "input": "I am Jack-Eva.\\nI bought the following products: Logitech G502 Hero High Performance Gaming Mouse, Acer Predator Helios 300 Gaming Laptop, HyperX Cloud Stinger Gaming Headset, Redragon K552 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: PC Gaming Mice, PC Gaming Laptops, PC Gaming Headsets, PC Gaming Keyboards.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: High-precision sensor, 10th Gen Intel Core i7, Lightweight comfort, Custom mechanical switches.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Redragon keyboard is impressive. Although I enjoy the tactile feedback, the noise level can be distracting during late-night gaming.",\
        "output": "Given your comment on the Redragon keyboard, I suggest checking out the 'SteelSeries Apex Pro Mechanical Gaming Keyboard.' It offers customizable per-key sensitivity for the tactile feedback you like, while being significantly quieter, allowing for less disruptive late-night gaming sessions."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation",\
        "input": "I am Olivia-Liam.\\nI bought the following products: NutriBullet Pro - 13-Piece High-Speed Blender, Lodge Pre-Seasoned Cast Iron Skillet, KitchenAid Artisan Series Stand Mixer, Instant Pot Duo 7-in-1 Electric Pressure Cooker.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Countertop Blenders, Pots & Pans, Mixers, Electric Pressure Cookers.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: High-torque power base, Pre-seasoned surface, 5-quart stainless steel bowl, 7-in-1 Multi-Use Programmable.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The KitchenAid mixer is fantastic for baking. However, cleaning the attachments can be a bit tricky.",\
        "output": "Considering your experience with the KitchenAid mixer, you might like to try the 'Breville Scraper Mixer Pro.' It's also a stand mixer designed for heavy-duty baking, but its attachments are specially designed to minimize batter build-up and are easier to clean."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation",\
        "input": "I am Ava-Noah.\\nI bought the following products: Apple iPhone 12, OtterBox Symmetry Clear Series Case for iPhone 12, Anker PowerWave Pad Qi Wireless Charger, Apple AirPods Pro.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Cell Phones, Cell Phone Cases, Cell Phone Wireless Chargers, Earbud & In-Ear Headphones.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: 6.1-inch Super Retina XDR display, Easy on/off case, Fast-Charging, Active noise cancellation.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Anker PowerWave Pad charges my phone efficiently. The only thing is, I often struggle with aligning my phone correctly on the pad.",\
        "output": "Considering your comment on the Anker PowerWave Pad, I recommend the 'Belkin Boost Up Wireless Charging Pad.' It has a similar fast-charging feature but also includes an LED indicator that confirms your phone is aligned properly for optimal charging."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation",\
        "input": "I am Luke-Sarah.\\nI bought the following products: Weber Original Kettle Premium Charcoal Grill, Cuisinart Deluxe Grill Set, Kingkong Grill Cover for Weber Charcoal Grills, Royal Gourmet BBQ Charcoal Grill and Offset Smoker.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Charcoal Grills, Grilling Tools, Grill Covers, Combination Grill-Smokers.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: 22-inch diameter, Stainless Steel Construction, Durable and Waterproof, Dual style - grill and smoker.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The Weber Charcoal Grill has been a star at my BBQ parties. The cleaning process, however, isn't as smooth as I'd prefer.",\
        "output": "Seeing that you're keen on a grill with easier cleanup, the 'Char-Broil Kettleman Charcoal Grill' may be a great fit. Its design includes a removable ash bowl for more straightforward cleaning while offering a comparable grilling experience to your Weber Charcoal Grill."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation",\
        "input": "I am Matthew-Grace.\\nI bought the following products: Petsafe ScoopFree Self-Cleaning Cat Litter Box, Wellness Natural Grain Free Wet Canned Cat Food, PetSafe Drinkwell Platinum Dog and Cat Water Fountain, AmazonBasics Cat Condo Tree Tower.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Self-Cleaning Cat Litter Boxes, Wet Cat Food, Cat Fountains, Cat Trees & Condos.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: Self-cleaning, Grain Free, 168 ounce water capacity, Multi-platform cat tree.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The AmazonBasics Cat Condo is a hit with my cats. They love the tower, but it's a bit wobbly.",\
        "output": "You might want to consider the 'FEANDREA Sturdy Cat Tree with Feeding Bowl' next. It's a multi-platform cat tree like the AmazonBasics one, providing lots of fun for your cats. Additionally, it boasts a reinforced base plate for enhanced stability."\
    \},\
    \{\
        "instruction": "Recommend me what I should buy next and provide a reason for your recommendation",\
        "input": "I am Benjamin-Hannah.\\nI bought the following products: GoPro HERO8 Black, SanDisk 128GB Extreme microSDXC, AmazonBasics GoPro Carrying Case, GoPro Dual Battery Charger + Battery.\\nThese products are under the following categories respectively: Sports & Action Video Cameras, Micro SD Memory Cards, Camcorder Cases, Battery Chargers.\\nHere are some features of these products respectively: HyperSmooth 2.0 stabilization, Up to 160MB/s read speeds, Large case for GoPro camera and accessories, Conveniently charges two GoPro batteries.\\nFor one of the products I bought, I wrote this comment: The GoPro HERO8 Black works great for my adventure videos. I do find the built-in mount a bit inflexible at times.",\
        "output": "You might be interested in 'GoPro HERO9 Black.' It shares many of the features you appreciate in your HERO8 Black but comes with a more versatile mounting system, providing you with greater flexibility for capturing your adventures."\
    \}\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
    \
\
\
                \
        \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
    \
\
    \
\
\
    \
\
\
\
    \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
    \
    \
\
    \
\
    \
    \
    \
\
\
]}